First note from Irishkah
    Mythria

    An Introduction

    Matron Arena recommended I seek you out, now that I have finished the beginnings of my training. She said you would make a fine companioni and a worthy teacher about the dangers and vaguries of the world beyond Sunstrider Isle.

    Is this something that would be of interest to you?

    Irishkah

Note from Mythria:
    I just spoke with the innkeeper at the Salty Sailor Tavern. And he tells me that I just missed you by less than an hour. You weren't at his pub, of course, but he has a direct teleport line - whatever that is - to Silvermoon City. Agh, well, We'll connect again soon. I hope. Have you met any other guild members yet?

    I have not heard from Corbeau for a while. But I managed to make a little profit here in Booty Bay - but the commision here is high. Her cut will be less than she likes.
    M.

Note from Irishkah - Family Matters - Part 1
    I am sorry for my prolonged absence. A family matter has come up that has demanded some of my attention.

    My younger sister has fled home, rather than be hand-fasted to her arranged fiance. My father has demanded I look for her, or be prepared for exile from the Blood Knight Order. I am not sure he can accomplish this, but he has many friends in the Order, particularly in the Farstrider Square temple.
    I.

Note from Irishkah - Family Matters - Part 2
    An acquaintance of my sister has said I should speak with my aunt in the Undercity. I am headed there to see what she has to say.

    What do you know of the undead, er, Forsaken? My father considers them evil incarnate and doesn't understand why we should suffer them as allies. Something tells me this isn't right, but I know nothing of them. Any thoughts you might have would be very welcome!
    I.

Note from Mythria - Part 1
    Irishkah,
    I am sorry to hear about the family trouble. I trust your sister is safe, even if you don't know where she is yet. Fathers are often a severe trial with their desires for "worthwhile" unions.

    I have visited undercity on several occasions, and must admit that while the atmosphere is close and foul, the creatures themselves are helpful enough, even courteous in their own way. If one can overlook the gaps in their flesh, one can almost see the vital beings they had once been. (cont)

Note from Mythria - part 2
    My only advice at the moment would be to make sure you have some perfume on a handkerchief, or a pinch of pungeant herb to hold to your nose.

    I am glad they sent their abominable guards away to northrend. They were hideous patchwork creatures who should not be living. Orcs have taken their stations in the Undercity. And while cruel and fierce, they are at least natural beings. Not saturated in Death. Be cautious, but U.C. is safe enough - if anywhere is safe these days. Hope to see you soon. -M

From Irishkah - need to send
    I had a note from Cyssa. She hopes to have news in the next day or two.

    On a happier note, I met Neghaka, the Guild Banker, the other day. A most helpful encounter!

    I am dropping this note in Razor Hill before going back to help the trolls in Sen'jin village. They seem so happy and cheerful. Drums beating in the background, impromptu dancing in the shops and square. Quite delightful actually!
    I.

From Mythria
    Dearest Irishkah,
    I'm sorry I've been incommunicado for the last few weeks. I was trapped in a dungeon by a wizard who had me in a sort of trance. I thought I'd just dozed off...
    
    How goes your search for your sister? I hope you find her - and find her well. I look forward to seeing you...
    -Mythria
    
From Irishkah
    
    