

On Mon, Jul 21, 2008 at 10:32 AM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    Yup - sounds very good.

    We had decided Hexiazi were tied to their planet in some way. I do remember that being discussed.

    I would say a generation or two, at least between the largest part of the collapse and now, maybe longer if it fits practically and dramatically. I like the thought that it was far enough back to be remembered but not fresh.

    The raiding for parts, crew, etc. sounds fine and if the outer-most systems were beginning to rebuild, there would be the implicit threat of "What are they doing? What will they want?" to contend with.


On Mon, Jul 21, 2008 at 10:22 AM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Yes, spaace travel's still happening, but not very much. I do specifically remember discussing with you the archaeological/historical speculation that the rapid collapse of the Mycenaean Greek seagoing empire was a case of the trading vessels that knit the empire together gradually becoming more and more predatory - going from trading, to collecting tribute, to raiding and pillaging in order to maintain a revenue stream, and in the process comprehensively destroying the seagoing commercial enterprise for centuries.

    I like that tragic arc, and I think the whole System spacefaring model could have done that in a big hurry in response to the absinthe crisis. Add in some good big rousing spaceship battles (destroying a lot of hulls and propulsion spars that would be hard to replace, as well as killing a lot of the magic-users who could operate the ships) and you have a sound logical model for a near-complete collapse of spacefaring capability.

    So, what would be left?

    Well, there would still be *some* ships left. There would still be *some* magic users unaffected by the primary absinthe catastrophe (by natural resistance or by declining to use absinthe in the first place); and some of those would have survived the aftermath conflicts as well.

    [IMPORTANT QUESTION: How long has it been since the absinthe catastrophe?]

    So, the slow resurgence of System civilization would be happening through three main mechanisms that I can see:

        - Remnants of the old fleets, patched up and still running, with whatever crews they can pull together (including slave/conscription raids, seeking especially magic users); with no real rationale for existence other than to keep existing.

        - Ships newly built and crewed by whatever entity (Torestrien, or out in the System outworlds) can start building them, as their societies walk the road to recovery of magic capacity; these ships (probably much less grand and powerful than the pre-Catastrophe vessels) would be adapted better to the new constrained circumstances.

        - Since Hexiaz is immune from the absinthe problem - what might the Hexiazis be doing in terms of filling in the gaps in space exploration, travel, and commerce? I *seem* to remember us talking about some characteristic of the Hexiazis' biological/magical "infection" that would make it difficult for them to be away from the Hexene biosphere for extended periods of time; I like that idea because a) it keeps Hexiaz from effortlessly taking over System travel (thus preserving the dramatic possibilities inherent in the mostly-abandoned space travel niche) and it gives the Antigoni, with her ability to move through the Rift, an immense practical advantage - the Antigoni Voyages can be over and done with before the crew starts to feel the ill effects. (Of course, it also puts a time limit on such voyages, which cannot be safely exceeded. Drama there.)

    Yeah - if a Hexiazi cannot leave Hexiaz for more than a few weeks before starting to experience bad effects, and if even magic-driven ships are looking at month-long trips between planets... Hmmm. :-)


On Mon, Jul 21, 2008 at 9:49 AM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    ah right, the Gate - I had forgotten that part of the puzzle. <G>
    
    That's really a good enough "justifiaction" for the Lens Flaw being important. We stick with the probe model then!

    Did we have other travel between worlds going on using the non-Gate model? I sort of remember thinking about it but not where we had gone..


On Mon, Jul 21, 2008 at 9:44 AM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    That's a kind of intriguing idea; except we were thinking that the translation through the created Gate would be really fast; having an immaterial pressure hull around the airship feels problematical becaus eeit doesn't address the *propulsion* mechanism, and then you've got the whole months-long-orbital-mechanics thing to get between planets.

    And, frankly, I can't help enjoying the idea of some kind of steampunk-styled artifact, sent through beforehand, that serves as a stabilizing "anchor" for the rift. It just feels so Airship Ophelia. :-)


On Sat, Jul 19, 2008 at 9:30 AM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    Do you remeber what we had figured for space flight in general? As I recall it had died back, but wasn't completely gone. So that might counter my previous thoughts on the damgerous to get there theory - maybe, instead, it's the flawed lens creates the equivalent of a "pressure hull" around the Antigoni, allowing survival in space without the need for the standard hull construction techniques used in the majority of spaceships...or did we actually have a more unified theory about this? <G>


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 2:48 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    yes indeed - it is fun to visit this again!

    you know - we could do the Pag's sister meeting and then discuss Hexiaz over beers some evening or weekend afternoon...:)
                        although an email thread works too!


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 12:53 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    We never did. The steampunk probe could be a working thing though. Something about it being able to get through something/somehow that was far more dangerous to living things. Then by use of the lens, they could get to the probe in some way that would reduce the risk to themselves. This is more than we had come up with before, that much I do remember...:)


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 12:47 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    This is so much fun. :-)

    The dramatic elements do slide together nicely, don't they?

    I can't remember too much else, beyond the Antigoni-specific bits related to the flawed (but overpowered) Lens that the Twins got Such A Deal on. I don't remember whether we ever came up with a satisfactory mechanism for how the wormhole/gate phenomenon could be controlled and targeted... something about maybe sending a little automated machine out through a *little* gate, then using the Lens as a viewer through which to communicate with it?.... The little machine could be satisfactorily steampunkish. :-)


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 12:29 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    also, when i was re-reading the stuff that had been started - her family had a stash of heretical books, that she has told no one about. it was intended to compliment the source(s) the engineering twins knew of - it was never established whether or not the books survived whatever disaster befell the city

    the thought was a skeleton crew of re-populators was now in the city, trying to start again. i don't think we got very far with how they were doing or what they found


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 12:25 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Oooo right, the Captain's personal involvement. I had forgotten all about that. :-)


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 12:21 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    I remember the city, as I recall, it was the home of the captain. Her family disappeared as part of the disaster. It was some time before the stories we had started.

    It was either something from the Floor or that floated farther down in the clouds. We had come up with the idea, but no specific design.


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 10:54 AM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Oh yeah - something ecological, new life forms inimical to the cloud cities (I do remember a cool dramatic story of a Cloud City cycling into an air current that took it into good harvesting territory, but for some reason out of long-distance communication, for months; and it came back out wholly empty of human life, with no real clues as to what had happened...)

    If we ever came up with anything about the *nature* of the Hexen lifeform(s) that were causing the threat, I can't remember it... possibly something to do with the Floor (as they call the planet's solid surface below)?


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 10:13 AM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    By jove, I think you've got it!
    That rings all the right bells. Also, non-magical tech languished because the magical approach to everything was so much simpler, thus the Steam Punk-lik status of Tech.

    I remember the infection or protection by something in the Hexiaz environment, although, I think we also had it beginning to produce some sort of side effect, or there was another threat from the local life-forms that would prompt the Antigoni to voyage beyond Hexiaz...do you remember that part?


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 10:09 AM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    I thought that it did indeed enhance magic to a substantial degree, but then after prolonged use, most users would experience dementia, a collapse of mental function, becoming morons unable to take care of themselves, let alone continue to be productive with magic...

    Somehow Hexiaz itself escaped the wors effects of this - something about being infected with native organisms that prevented the problem?

    System, and Torestrien, civilization outside of Hexiaz caved in badly, because most magic users had availed themselves of the absinthe. The combined numbers of those who had abstained, and the minority who were naturally immune from the dementia, were not enough to support a magical civilization that was highly dependent on the use of magic for its wealth and operation.

    ...I think that was it - do you recall any other things?


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 9:52 AM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    i think we only discussed it with a vague thought of discussing further and writing it down.

    i do remember it was a side-effect of a drug produced on Hexiaz that enhanced magic use, if i remember.
    didn't mess up or destroy magic users or at least their magical ability over time? and i thought there was a need for ever increasing doses to continue the enhancement?
    although that second part might not be right...


On Fri, Jul 18, 2008 at 9:42 AM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Thanks!

    I went and looked at it - I had forgotten how much fun stuff we'd thought of. It's especially compelling with the greater appreciation for steampunk I have developed since those days.

    I'm not sure it all got written down though: did we have written material about the Absinthe Catastrophe, or did we just discuss that verbally? I'd sure regret failing to capture what we thought of.

    -Bill


On Thu, Jul 17, 2008 at 3:38 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    you should be good now!


On Thu, Jul 17, 2008 at 2:10 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    My application to hexiaz.wikidot.com is still pending... :-)


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 6:58 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    to use wikidot - you will need to create an account and then fill out a request form and i will add you - it is a little more involved than the self run wiki - ohwever, they are handling backups and the like so I don't have to figure out how to...<G>

    if it becomes too much of a pain, we can return to the older one...just let me know


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 3:33 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Cool! Thanks -


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 3:27 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    you could start adding note for Antigoni - I created a wiki for it a hexiaz.wikidot.com when I started playing around over there...
                                                                                    
    right now it's just a copy of what we had from a few years ago.

    and the story fragments I had created are accessible from http://www.snowdancer666.com/forbill/docs/docs_index.htm


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 2:53 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    :-)

    Thanks for the feedback. Antigoni Voyages won't leave my mind alone... I'm not sure what to do, but it ought to be *something*. Probably why I got so easily sucked into listening to Abney Park. (Well, that and the fascination of Magdalene Veen's onstage style, ha.)

    ...dunno what's going to happen next, but I feel that something is.

    One very sad complicating factor: Shelley has just found out that her father, whom she loves very much but in a complicated way, has a terminal illness. I don't know what that will lead to, but it will surely change the shape of our life. :-(

    Well, tomorrow will be what tomorrow will be.



On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 2:41 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    My top priorities in your list are the Miskatonic game and the Antigoni Voyages. AoC would be a pleasant distraction, however, please don't feel any pressure from my quarter on this. <G>


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 2:37 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Why does life always cram all of the interesting opportunities together at once?

        Besides work ramping up in some pretty fascinating directions;

        Besides the significant Warcraft commitment I have with Shelley;

        Besides my increasing resurgence of fascination with steampunk and consequently the Antigoni Voyages;

        Besides your renewed Hyborian invitation;

        Besides the increasing interest in the Monday Miskatonic game;

        Besides...

    Wow. I need some rest, and I need to think things through. :-)




On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 2:29 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    As a very casual gamer, I can't totally speak to how this all translates into Age of Conan. I do know the forums are probably the most immature I've seen, but that's the forums. In-game, I'm rarely around often enough to get a sense of RP. I'm on a PvE server and none of them are flagged as RP specific.

    There's also a certain "mature" crowd who feel that because the game is mature they can act like total ass-wipes - but I'm suspecting there's a lot of that in sections of WoW as well.

    It remains a pet peeve of mine that killing and violence are considered fine, but sex and sexuality are not. But that's a totally different rant. <G>

    I would recommend the game and we can hook up. It'll give me another person to connect with and be a lot of fun! Let me know if you decide to do so and I will tell you which servers I have characters on.

    I'd like to think there was some erp outlets on AoC, but it might also be too new for these things to have settled out. I'd certainly entertain relationships between our characters and story telling around their backgrounds as a lot of fun.

    If this seems too rambly, I apologize. <g>


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 2:19 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    I've been thinking lately about mmorpgs and realizing that the over-18 thing in Conan is really very appealing. There are a lot of obvious kids on warcraft, and while I applaud giving them the scope to do what they do, I really do prefer the company of adults, generally speaking.

    Also, there are some very valid game themes that are not kid-friendly. Blizzard seems to do a pretty good job of letting the "erp" (erotic roleplay) people do their thing without undue constraint, but I was briefly chatting with one of them, on a server with a lot of intensive RP presence, and I asked about Blizzard's treatment of her circle of players. She said that the main thing is to make sure not to get involved with kids; that sometimes, out of curiosity or sheer mischief, the kids try to participate in sex groups, and it can be a very bad thing if they are not identified and ditched. Seems like a drag; but then, sex is at least as normal a human activity as killing and commerce, both of which are enthusiastically and comprehensively supported by Blizzard. :-)

    Now, if some mmorpg permits online art, dance, and music, created by the players but expressed through the characters, I am 100% there. Storytelling in chat is already a pretty fascinating creative outlet (in fact, it was listening to storytelling and good RP dialogue thet drew me into the tavern where I saw the erp lady and her friends); it would be cool if other endeavors could translate to the game world.

    Yeah. Dream on.




On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 1:34 PM, Shandi <shandi.ni.kayara@gmail.com> wrote:

    I've never experienced a server crash, however, I am a very casual gamer, so I'm not on for long periods of time every day.


On Fri, Jul 11, 2008 at 1:27 PM, Bill Blondeau <whblondeau@gmail.com> wrote:

    Hi Kori,

    I was chatting in-game with a warcraft player who was kind of new-ish. She said she and her husband had been playing Conan for a while, but that she got tired of all the server crashes and came over to Warcraft. Is that a characteristic problem, in your experience? Especially lately?

    -Bill


