This is vocabulary that only lower (mostly much lower) class characters would conprehend, let alone use.  Not to be employed in New Europa's better salons or when trying to pass one's self off as a flash toff.

Please see at the bottom for sources and copyright information.

Notes:
        c  = Cant
        cb = (Cockney) Back-slang
        cr = (Cockney) Rhyming slang
        sh = Shelta, or Tinker
        r  = Romany (n.b., not true Rom, but linguistically descended from it)
        b  = Boxing
Terms:

  Dab: bed (cb).  "To dab it up with_____" = to engage in carnal acts with ___.
  Dabeno: Bad (cb)
  Daffy:  A small measure, esp. of spiritous liquers.
  Deadlurk: Empty premises.
  Deaner: A shilling. (Etymologially descended from the Dinarious, or ancient silver penny of Britain...)
  Deb: Bed (cb)
  Demander:  One who gains monies through menace.
  Derbies: (Pronounced Darbies).  Handcuffed
  Device:  Tuppence
  Deuce Hog (Duce Hog): 2 shillings
  Devil's claws: The broad arrows on a convict's prison uniform.
  Dewskitch:  A beating
  Didikko:  Gypsies; half breed gypsies (r). (From Didikai, a  Rom contraction of Dik akai, or "look here")
  Dillo: Old (cb)
  Dimmick:  A base coin, counterfeit
  Ding: (v & n) Throw away, pass on.  Any object that has been so treated. Ex. "Knap the ding" or to take something that has been thrown out.
  Dipper:  Pickpocket
  Dispatches:  Loaded dice
  Dobbin: Ribbon
  Dollymop: A prostitute, often an amateur or a part-time street girl; a midinette.
  Dollyshop:  A low, unlicenced loan shop or pawn shop.
  Don: A distinguished/expert/clever person; a leader
  Dookin: Palmistry
  Down:  Suspicion.  "To put down on someone" means to inform on that  person's plans.  While "To take the down of a ticker"  means to
                 Christen a watch.
  Do Down: To beat someone badly, punishing them with your fists. (b)
  Downer:  Sixpence.
  Downy:  Cunning, false.
  Drag: (1) A three month gaol sentence.  (2)  A street
  Dragsman:  A thief who steals from carriages.
  Drum:  A building, house or lodging; the location of a gaol.
  Dub: (1) Bad (cb); (2) Key, lockpick
  Duce:  Tuppence
  Duckett: A street hawker or vendor's licence.
  Duffer:  A seller of supposedly stolen goods.  Also a Cheating Vendor or hawker.
  Dumplin:  A swindling game played with skittles
  Dumps:  Buttons and other Hawkers small wares.
  Dunnage:  Clothes

  E.O.:  A fairground gambling game
  Escop (Esclop, Eslop): Policeman (cb)

  Fadge: Farthing
  Fakement:  a Device or pretence (especially a notice or certificate to facilitate begging).
  Family, the: The criminal Underworld, also Family People.
  Fan:  To delicately feel someone's clothing, while it is still being worn, to search for valuables.
  Fancy, the:  The brethren of the boxing ring.
  Fawney: Ring
  Fawney-dropping: A ruse whereby the villain pretends to find a ring (which is actually worthless) and sells it as a Possibly valuable article at  a
                                     low price.
  Fine wirer:  A highly skilled pickpocket
  Finny: Five pound note
  Flag: An apron
  Flam:  A lie
  Flash (v & adj):  Show, Showy (as in "Show-off," or "Flashy"); smart; something special.
  Flash house:  A public house patronized by criminals.
  Flash notes:  Paper that looks, at a glance, like bank-notes
  Flat:  A person who is flat is easily deceived.
  Flatch:  Ha'penny
  Flats:  Playing cards, syn. Broads.
  Flimp:  A snatch pickpocket.  Snatch stealing in a crowd.
  Flue Faker: Chimney sweep
  Flummut: Dangerous
  Fly, on the:  Something done quickly.
  Flying the Blue Pidgeon: Stealing roof lead.
  Flying the Mags: The game of "Pitch and Toss"
  Fogle: A silk handkerchief
  Fushme: Five shillings

  Gaff: Show, exhibition, fair "Penny Gaff" - Low, or vulgar theatre.
  Gallies: Boots
  Gammon: Deceive
  Gammy: False, undependable, hostile
  Garret:  Fob pocket in a waistcoat
  Garrote: (v & n) A misplaced piano wire, and how it was misplaced.
  Gatter:  Beer
  Gattering: A public house
  Gegor: Begger
  Gen:  Shilling
  Glim:  (1) Light or fire.  (2) Begging by depicting oneself  as having been burnt out of one's home.  (3) Venereal Disease.
  Glock: Half-wit
  Glocky: Half-witted
  Gonoph:  A minor thief, or small time criminal
  Granny:  Understand or recognize
  Gravney:  A Ring
  Grey, Gray:  A coin with two identical faces
  Griddling: Begging, peddling, or scrounging
  Growler:  A four wheeled cab
  Gulpy: Gullible, easily duped.

  Half inch: Steal (From pinch) (cr)
  Hammered for life: Married
  Hard up: Tobacco
  Haybag: Woman
  Haymarket Hector: Pimp, ponce or whore's minder; especially around the areas of Haymarket and Leicester Squares.
  Hoisting:  Shoplifting
  Holywater sprinkler: A cudgel spiked with nails.
  Huey, Hughey: A town or village.
  Huntley,  to take the: Syn. To take the Cake or to take the Biscuit.  Also to be most excellent, as in Huntley and Palmer's biscuits.
  Hykey:  Pride.

  Irons: Guns esp. Pistols or revolvers.

  Jack:  Detective
  Jemmy: (1) Smart.  (2) of Superior class.  (3) an housebreaker's tool.
  Jerry:  A Watch
  Jerryshop:  Pawnbrokers
  Joey: A fourpence piece
  Jolly: Disturbance or Fracas
  Judy: A woman, specifically a prostitute
  Jug loops: Locks of hair brought over the temples and curled (a hairstyle that thankfully died out later in the period).
  Julking: Singing (as of caged songbirds)
  Jump: A ground floor window, or a burglary committed through  such a window.

  Kanurd: Drunk (cb)
  Kecks: Trousers
  Ken:  House or other place, esp. a lodging or public house.
  Kennetseeno:  Bad, stinking, putrid -- Malodorous. (r)
  Kennuck:  Penny
  Kidsman:  An organizer of child thieves
  Kife: Bed
  Kinchen-lay (Kynchen-lay):  Stealing from children
  Kingsman:  A coloured or black handkerchief.
  Knap: To steal, take or receive
  Knapped: Pregnant
  Knob:  "Over and under" a fairground game used for swindling.
  Know life, to: To be knowledgable in criminal ways

  Lackin, Lakin: Wife
  Ladybird: A Prostitute
  Lag: A convict or Ticket-of-leave man; To be sentenced to transportation or penal servitude.
  Lamps:  Eyes
  Laycock, Miss (or Lady): Female sexual organs
  Lavender, in:  (1) To be hidden from the police, (2) to be pawned, (3) to be put away, (4) to be dead.
  Lay:  A method, system or plan
  Leg :  A dishonest person, a sporting cheat or tout.
  Lill: Pocketbook
  London Particular: Thick London "Pea Soup" fog
  Long-Tailed:  A banknote worth more than 5 pounds is said to be "long tailed"
  Luggers: Ear rings
  Lumber: (1) Unused, or second-hand furniture.  (2) To pawn.  (3) To go into seclusion.  (4) To be in lumber is to be in gaol.
  Lump Hotel:  Work House
  Lurk: (1) A place of resorting to or concealment in.  (2) A scheme or method
  Lurker:  A criminal of all work, esp. a begger, or someone who uses a beggar's disguise.
  Lush:  An alcoholic drink.
  Lushery:  A place where a lush may be had.  A low public house or drinking den.
  Lushing Ken:  See Lushery
  Lushington:  A drunkard

  Macer:  A cheat
  Mag: Ha'pence
  Magflying: Pitch and toss
  Magsman:  An inferior cheat
  Maltooler: A pickpocket who steals while riding an omnibus, esp. from women.
  Mandrake:  a Homosexual
  Mark: The victim
  Mary Blaine: Railway Train (cr); to meet a train or to travel via railway.
  Mauley:  Handwriting, signature
  Mecks:  Wine or spirits
  Milltag: Shirt
  Miltonian: Policeman
  Min:  Steal
  Mitting:  Shirt
  Mizzle: Quit, Steal, or Vanish
  Mobsman:  A swindler or pickpocket, usually well-dressed.  Originally one of the "Swell Mob"
  Mollisher: A woman, often a villain's mistress
  Monkery:  the Country
  Monniker: Signature
  Mot:   Woman, esp. the proprietress of a lodging or public  house
  Moucher, Moocher:  A rural vagrant.  A gentleman of the road.
  Mouth: (1) Blabber.  (2) A Fool
  Mug-hunter: A street robber or footpad.   Hence the modern "Mugger"
  Mumper:  Begger or scrounger
  Mutcher:  A thief who steals from drunks
  Muck Snipe:  A person who is "down and out"

  Nail:  Steal
  Nancy: Buttocks
  Nebuchadnezzar: Male sexual organs; "to put Nebuchadnezzar out to grass" means to engage in sexual intercourse.
  Neddy: Cosh
  Nemmo: Woman (cb)
  Nethers:  Lodging charges, rent
  Newgate Knockers:  Heavily greased side whiskers curling back to, or over the ears
  Netherskens: Low lodging houses, flophouses
  Nibbed: Arrested
  Nickey: Simple in the head
  Nobble:  The inflicting of grievious bodily harm
  Nobbler: (1) One who inflicts grevious bodily harm.  (2) A sharper's confederate
  Nommus!:  Get away! Quick!  (cb)
  Nose:  Informer or Spy
  Nubbiken:  A sessions courthouse

  On the fly:  While in motion or quickly
  Onion:  A watch seal
  Out of twig: Unrecognized or in disquise
  Outsider:  An instrument, resembling needle nosed pliers, used for turning a key in a lock from the wrong side.

  Pack:  A night's lodging for the very poor
  Paddingken: A tramp's lodging house
  Pall:  Detect
  Palmer: Shoplifter
  Patterer: Someone who earns by recitation or hawker's sales talk, esp. by hawking newspapers
  Peter: A box, trunk or safe.
  Pidgeon: A victim
  Pig: A policeman, usually a detective
  Pit: Inside front coat pocket
  Plant:  A victim
  Pogue: A purse or prize
  Prad: Horse
  Prater:  A bogus itinerate preacher
  Prig: (1) A thief.  (2) To steal
  Puckering: Speaking in a manner that is incomprehensible to spectators
  Punishers:  Superior nobblers.  Men employed to give severe beatings
  Push:  Money

  Racket:  Illicit occupation or tricks
  Rampsman or Ramper: A tearaway or hoodlum
  Randy, on the:  On the Spree or otherwise looking for companionship
  Rasher-wagon: Frying pan
  Ray: 1/6 (one and six-pence)
  Reader: Pocketbook or wallet
  Ream: Superior, real, genuine, good.
  Ream Flash Pull: A significant heist
  Ream Swag: Highly valuable stolen articles
  Reeb:  Beer (cb)
  Roller:  A thief who robs drunks or a prostitute who steals from  her clientele.
  Rook: A type of jemmy
  Rookery: Slum or ghetto
  Rothschild, to come to the: To brag and pretend to be rich.
  Rozzers: Policemen
  Ruffles: Handcuffs

  Saddle: Loaf
  St. Peter's Needle: Severe discipline
  Salt Box: The Condemned Cell
  Sawney: Bacon
  Scaldrum dodge: Begging by means of feigned, or self-inflicted wounds
  Scran: Food
  Scratch an itch: (cr) Bitch
  Screever:  A writer of fake testimonials; a forger
  Srew: Skeleton Key
  Screwing:  A sub-genre of Cracking; burglary by means of skeleton  keys, waxing keys, or picking locks.
  Screwsman:  A burglar versed in screwing
  Scroby: Flogging in gaol
  Scurf:  An exploitive employer or gang-leader
  Servant's lurk: A lodging or public house used by shady or dismissed servants.
  Shake lurk: Begging under the pretence of being a shipwrecked seaman.
  Shallow, work the: Begging while half naked.
  Shant: A pot or tumbler
  Sharp:  A (card) swindler
  Shevis:  A shift, a type of garment.
  Shinscraper: The Treadmill
  Shirkster: A layabout
  Shiver and shake:  (cr) A cake
  Shivering Jemmy:  A half naked begger
  Shoful: (1) Bad or counterfeit.  (2) An hansom cab
  Shofulman:  A coiner or passer of bad money.
  Skipper: One who sleeps in hedges and outhouses
  Skyrocket: (cr) Pocket (rarely used)
  Slang cove: A showman
  Slap-Bang Job: A night cellar (pub) frequented by thieves, and where no credit is given.
  Slum: (1) False, sham, a faked document, etc.  (2) To cheat . (3) To pass bad money.
  Smasher:  Someone who passes bad money.
  Smatter Hauling: Stealing Handkerchiefs
  Snakesman: A slightly built (boy) criminal used in burglary and housebreaking.
  Snells: A hawker's wares
  Snide: Counterfeit; counterfeit coins or jewels.
  Snide pinching: Passing bad money
  Snoozer:  A thief that specializes in robbing hotel rooms with sleeping guests.
  Snowing: Stealing linen, clothes, etc, that have been hung out to dry.
  Soft: Paper money (i.e., "to do some soft" means to pass bad paper money.)
  Speeler: Cheat or a gambler
  Spike:  Workhouse
  Sprat:  Six pence
  Spreading the Broads: Three card monte.
  Square rigged: Soberly and respectfully dressed.
  Swell: An elegantly, or stylishly dressed gentleman.

  Tail: Prostitute
  Tatts: Dice, False Dice
  Tea Leaf:  Thief (cr)
  Terrier Crop:  Short, bristly haircut (denoting a recent stay in a prison or a workhouse)
  Teviss:  Shilling
  Thicker:  A Sovereign or a Pound
  Thick 'Un:  A Sovereign
  Tightener:  A meal.  "To do a Tightener," to take a Meal.
  Titfer/Titfertat:  Hat (cr)
  Toff:  An elegantly, or stylishly dressed gentleman.
  Toffer:  A superior whore.
  Toffken:  A house containing well-to-do occupants.
  Toke: Bread
  Tol: Lot (cb), a Share.
  Toolers: Pickpockets
  Tooling:  Skilled Pickpocket
  Toper: Road
  Topped: Hung
  Topping: A hanging
  Translators: Secondhand apparel, especially Boots.
  Trasseno: An evil person
  Tuppeny  (Tuppeny Loaf): Head (cr. from Loaf of Bread)
  Twirls: Keys, esp skeleton keys.
  Twist (Twist  and Twirl): Girl (cr)

  Under and Over: A fairground game that's easy to swindle people with.

  Vamp: To Steal or Pawn.  "In for a vamp" to be jailed for stealing
  Voker:  Speak (r).    "Voker Romeny?"  (Pardon me, but do you speak Thieve's Cant?)

  Weeping Willow: Pillow (cr)
  Whistle and Flute: Suit (cr)
  Work Capitol: Commit a crime punishable by death.

  Yack:  A watch
  Yennap:  A Penny. (cb) 
  
From Victorian London - Lee Jackson's site
A.
ABBESS - a bawd, the  mistress of a bawdyken. 
Abbot - The husband, or preferred man of an Abbess.
Abbott's Priory - the King's Bench Prison
Abram Cove - a naked or poor man, a sturdy beggar in rags
Above par - having the needful, possession of the poney, plenty of money, ' best bliss of earth'
Abram men - fellows dressing themselves in various rags, old ribbon, fox tails beg-[-96-]ging in the streets, pretending to be mad, fellows who steal pocket books only
Abram - to sham, to slum, to pretend sickness
Academy - a brothel, bagnio
Academican - a scholar at an academy, a whore at a brothel
Academy, a floating - a hulk at Woolwich for convicts
Ack ruffians - rogues who in conjunction with watermen sometimes rob and murder on the water
Ack pirates - fresh water thieves who steal on navigable rivers
Acting the deceitful - performing, mumming, acting
Adam - a henchman, an accomplice
Adam's ale - our first father's drink, water, 'best with brandy'
Adam tiler - a receiver of stolen goods, a pickpocket, a fence
Affair of honour - killing an innocent man in a duel
All set - desperate fellows, ready for any kind of mischief
Alderman - Half-Crown
Alderman in chains - turkey and sausages
Alive - awake, fly, up, leary, acquainted with
All out - the reckoning drank out, 'How stands the account 'twixt me and vengeance?'
Ambidexter - one who snacks in gaming with both parties
Amen curler - a parish clerk
Anglers or starrers - an order of thieves who break show glasses in jeweller's windows to steal the goods
Angling cove - a receiver of stolen goods
Angelics - young unmarried ladies
Anointed - knowing, ripe for mischief
Area - The below-ground servant's entrance in the front of many London town-houses. (Not underworld slang)
Area Diving - A method of theft that necessitates sneaking down area steps, and stealing from the lower rooms of houses.
Arm props - crutches
Arch rogue - the chief of a gang of thieves, or gypsies
Arch doxey - the same among female canters or gypsies
Astronomer - a star gazer, a horse that carries his head high
As right as a trevit - the tippy all right
A pig's whisper -  a grunt, 'a word twixt you and me'
Aunt - a bawd, sometimes called mother
Autem - a church, meeting- house
Autem cacklers - dissenters of all sects
Autem bawler - a preacher, a parson
Autem dippers - anabaptists
Autem cackel tub - a meeting-house for dissenters, a pulpit
Autem divers - pickpockets who practise in churches ; also churchwardens and overseers of the poor, who defraud, deceive, and impose on the parish
Autemn gogglers - conjurors, fortune tellers
Autem mort - or mot, a woman of the same sect, a beggar, a prostitute
Autem quaver's tub - a quaker's meeting house

B.
BABES in the wool - rogues in the stocks or pillory
Bacca-pipes - Whiskers curled in small, close ringlets.
Bacon-faced - full faced 
Back slums - low unfrequented parts in the metropolis 
Badge coves - parish pensioners 
Badge - one burnt in the hand 
Badger - to confound, perplex, or tease
Badgers - forestallers and murderers
Bag the swag - pocket your portion, hide your whack
Baggage - a slut, a common prostitute
Ball o'wax - a snob or shoemaker
Ballumn ranorum - a hop or a dance, where the women are all prostitutes
Balsam - rag, rhino, money
Balm - a lie
Bindog - a bum-bailiff
Bank - a depository for cash at a gaming-table
Bandy - a tanner, a sixpence
Banyan day - Saturday, when there's nothing left to eat
Bantling - a young child
Bar that -  cheese it, stow it, don't mention it
Barber's clerks - conceited ignorant shop-boys
Bark - an Irishman
Barker - a salesman's servant, a prowler to pick up country- men in the streets
Barking irons, Barkers - pistols 
Barnacles - spectacles
Battered bully - an old gloak, well milled huffing fellow
Bawd - a procuress, a woman that keeps a brothel
Batter - on ox
Beak - a justice of the peace, a magistrate
Beak, rum - a justice who will do any thing for money
Beak-hunting - Poultry stealing
Beak queer - a magistrate that is particurlaly [-sic, ed.-] strict to his duty
Beaks out on the nose - magistrates out on a search night
Beaksrnan - traps
Bear leader - a travelling tutor
Bearer up - Person that robs men who have been decoyed by a woman accomplice.
Beat - a watchman's walk
Beaver or tile - a hat
Beck or harman - a beadle
Beef - (1) (v) Raise hue-and-cry.  (2) (n) Thief. (cr) = Hot Beef! = Stop Thief!
Beeswax - cheese
Belch - malt liquor
Ben, or Sam - a raw, a novice
Bean traps - genteel dressed sharpers, fortune hunters
Beef - to alarm, to discover, to pursue
Belly cheat - an apron, a pad
Belly timber - food of all sorts
Belly-go-fister - a hard blow on the belly
Bend - Waistcoat, vest
Bender - a shilling
Bene - prime, good
Bene cove - hearty fellow, a tramp
Bene bowse - good beer
Bene of gibes - counterfeiters of passes
Bene darmans - good night
Bene fakers - counterfeiters
Benjamin - a top coat, a great coat
Betty - a small picklock
Bever - an afternoon's luncneon [-sic, ed.-]
Better half - an ironical name for a wife
Biddy - a fowl, a capon, or chicken; a young chicken
Big'uns - men of consequence
Bilboa - a sword, or any pointed instrument
Billing and cooing - the sexes humbugging one another; courting
Billy - Handkerchief (often silk)
Bilk - to swindle, cheat
Bin - queer, bad liquor
Bing - to cut, go away
Bingo - spirituous liquors
Bingo boy - a male dram drinker
Bingo rnot - a female dram drinker
Bit - money
Bit - taken in, duped
Bit, queer - counterfeit money
Bit cull - a coiner
Bit Faker - A coiner.  A counterfeiter of coins.
Bit smasher - an utterer of base coin
Bit of cavalry - a knacker, a saddle horse
Bit of muslin - a flame, a sweetheart
Bitch, to - to yield, to give up an attempt thro' fear
Bitch, to - a character, or to perform any thing badly
Biting your name in - taking a large draught, drinking greedily
Blab - a prating stupid fellow, a fool
Blab, to - to nose, to chatter, to tell secrets
Black beetles - the lower order of people
Black diamonds - coals, or coal heavers
Black boy - a clergyman
Black Indies - Newcastle
Black strap - port wine
Black box or knob - a lawyer
Black spy - an informer
Black act - act of picking locks
Black cove dubber - a gaoler or turnkey
Black houses - prisons
Black-legs - sharpers, fellows who lay wagers, and after losing cannot pay them; a professed gambler
Blackleg - A person who will work, contrary to a strike.  In the Colonies they are called Scabs.
Blag - To steal or snatch, usually a theft, often by smash-and-grab
Blank - frustrated, baffled
Blarney - a wonderful story flattery. See Gammon
Bleaters - lambs, sheep
Bleats - a sheep stealer
Bleak mot - a fair girl
Bleeder - a crammer, a lie
Blind, to - to cheat under a pretence
Blind harpers - itinerant vagabonds with harps
Blinker - a one-eyed horse 
Blob, on the (Blab) - Begging by telling hardluck stories.
Block - jemmy, pipkin head 
Block houses - prisons 
Blooming, Bloody (Blasted, etc.):  are forms of profanity not heard in polite company (Today they've been replaced in prestige with "Fucking", which is really too bad.)
Blow out - a belly full, an extraordinary meal
Blow a cloud - smoking a pipe 
Blow the gab - to split, to expose, inform
Blow - to split, tell, expose, Inform.
Blow me tight - a sort of burlesque oath; as, If I don't I'm jigger'd, &c.
Blower - Informer.  Also a disrepectful term for a girl.
Blowings - prostitutes 
Bludger -  A violent criminal; one who is apt to use a bludgeon.
Blue Bottle - A policeman
Blue devils - blues, low spirits, horror struck
Blue pigeon filers, or flyers - thieves who steal lead from the tops of houses and churches
Blue ruin - gin 
Blubber - to whine, to cry
Bluff - to bustle, look big
Bluffer - an impudent imposing fellow of an inn-keeper
Blunderbuss - a stupid ignorant fellow
Blunt - tip, rag, money
Boarding school - a house of correction, or prison
Boat, get the (Boated) - To be sentanced to transportation (obs.). To receive a particularly harsh sentence.
Bob - a shilling
Bob - a shoplifter's assistant
Bob-stick - a hog, a shilling
Bobtail - a lewd woman, or prostitute
Bobbery - a disturbance, a row 
Bobbish - tol lol, pretty well in health
Body bag - a shirt
Body snatchers - bailiffs, police officers
Bog trotters - lower orders of Irishmen
Bogey - old Nick, the devil
Bolt - cut, go, make yourself scarce
Bolt the moon - to cheat the landlord by taking the goods away in the night, without paying the rent
Bolted - hopped the twig, shuffled, gone
Bone - to steal
Bone box - the mouth
Bonesetter - a hackney coach
Bonnet - A covert assistant to a Sharp
Bonnnetter - a thump on the hat
Bon vivant - a choice spirit, a jolly dog
Booth - a place for harbouring thieves
Booked - in for it, dished
Booze - drink
Boozing ken - a lush crib, a sluicery, ale-house
Boozy - drunk
Bore - a tedious story, or a vexatious circumstance
Bordell - a bawdyken, house of ill fame
Bottle-head stupid - void of sense
Bought - anything that's dearly' paid for
Bounce - to lie, to swagger
Bounceable - proud, saucy
Bow mam - a thief
Bow wow mutton - cag mag, dog's flesh, bad ill-looking meat
Bow wow broth - broth made of stinking meat
Bower, the - Newgate
Bowsprit - cork snorter, the nose
Box o'dominos - mouth and teeth
Box of ivory - the teeth
Box Harry - to go without victuals
Boxed - locked up
Boxing a Charley - upsetting a watchman in his box
Brads - money
Brass - impudence
Bracket face - devilish ugly
Bravoes - bullies
Bread basket - the stomach
Breaking shins - borrowing money
Breeze, kicking up a - exciting a disturbance
Brisket beater - a Roman Catholic
Brick - a loaf
Broad Arrow - The arrow-like markings on a prison convict's uniform.  "Wearing the broad arrow" = In prison.
Broads - Playing cards. Ex. "Spreading the broads" = playing a game of cards)
Broading - Cheating at cards
Broadsman - A card Sharper
Brogue - Irish accent
Broom - go, cut, be gone
Browns - copper coin
Brown Bess - a soldier's fire-lock
Brown suit - no go
Brown gater droppings - heavy wet, heavy brown, beer
Bruiser - A Boxer (b)
Brush, or buy a brush - be off, make yourself scarce
Brushed off - run away
Brusher - a full glass
Bub - guzzle, drink, rum, good liquor
Bubble - to cheat, defraud
Buck Cabbie - A dishonest cab driver
Buff - to to swear falsely, to perjure
Buffer - a perjurer
Buffer napper - dog stealer
Bug - to damage
Bug hunting - Robbing, or cheating drunks.  Esp. at night.
Buggaboes - sheriff's officers
Bugging - money taken by bailiffs not to arrest a person
Buggy - a one-horse chaise
Bulk - a fellow that attends a pickpocket, to receive stolen goods
Bull - a blunder, a crown piece, a half crown piece, five shillings
Bull dogs - pistols
Bully - a cowardly blustering fellow, pretended husband to a bawd or prostitute
Bully rocks - impudent villians kept to preserve order in houses of ill fame
Bully traps - pretended constables called to frighten the unwary and extort money
Bum - a bailiff 
Bum'd - arrested 
Bunce of dog's meat - a squalling child in arms
Bunce of fives - the closed hand, the fist
Bunch of onions - chain and seals
Bunter - a low-life woman
Buntlings - petticoats-
Bung-eyed - drunk, tipsy
Buor - A woman
Burning the ken - vagabonds residing in an alehouse and leaving it without paying the reckoning
Buss, a kiss
Bustle - ready money
Buster or burster - a loaf of bread
Button - a bad shilling
Buttoner - A sharper's assistant who entices dupes.
Buttering up - praising, flittering
Buttock and file - pickpocket
Buz - a pickpocket
Buzman - a pickpocket
Buzzing - Stealing, esp. Picking Pockets.
Bye-blow - a bastard

C.
CABBAGE, tailors' perquisites
Cadger - a beggar, a scranning cove, a mean sort of a thief
Cag mag - stinking or bad meat 
Cake - an easy stupid fellow
Camesa - a shirt or shift
Canary bird - the inmate of a prison
Candle to the devil - To hold a: To be evil
Cank - dumb, silent
Cannister - see Block
Cant - 
    mock religion, language of methodists
    A present; a free meal or quantity of some article.
    Also the creole and jargon spoken by thieves and the  "surplus population."
Cant of togs -  A gift of clothing.
Canter gloak - a parson, a liar 
Canting - language of thieves, gypsies, beggars, &c 
Canting crew - impostors who go about preaching, methodists, &c.
Canticle - a parish clerk
Cap, to - to out do, to beat -
Caper - A criminal act, dodge or device.
Caper merchant - a dancing master
Captain - head of a gang, a bully
Captain Flashman - a blustering fellow, a coward
Captain queer Nabs - a dirty fellow without shoes
Captain Sharp - a cheat, a bully
Captain tober - first-rate highwayman
Caravan - great quantity of money
Carrion case - shirt and shift
Carrion hunters - undertakers
Cash Carrier - A pimp, ponce or whore's minder.
Castor - a tile, a hat
Cass - cheese
Cast your skin - strip naked
Cat - a drunken, fighting prostitute
Cat's meat - the constitution, the body
Cat's meat shop - an eating house
Catastrophe - behind, seat of honour
Catchpole - bailiff
Catgut scraper - a violin player
Cavil - to jaw, quarrel
Cavon - an old wig, or jasey
Chaff - irritating, or ironical language, to banter
Chaffer - the mouth
Chaffing crib - a drinking room where bantering is carried on
Chalk - advantage 
Chalks - the legs 
Chant - a flash song 
Chancery, head in - said in fighting, of him whose head is held fast under the arm of his antagonist, and gets punished with little chance of extricating himself, unless he floors his man
Chapel, the - Whitechapel.
Charley - a watchman
Charm - picklock
Chat -  a Louse (a singular of Lice).
Chates - the gallows
Chaunting - Street singing (hopefully for money), also informing
Chavy -  Child
Chaw-bacons - countrymen, bumpkins
Cheeks - an imaginary person nobody ; as, who does that belong to? Cheeks.
Cheese cutters - bandy legs
Cheese it - stow it, give over, drop it
Chere amie - a bed fellow a sweetheart
Chickster - a flame, a prostitute
Chimmy - a shift
Chink - Money
Chiv, shiv - Knife, razor or sharpened stick (r)
Chizzle - to gammon, cheat
Choker - Clergyman.  "Gull a choker"
Christen - To remove identifying marks from, to make like new  again.  "Christen a watch."
Chuff - jolly, merry
Chum - a bedfellow, a companion, fellow prisoner
Chummy - or clergyman, a sweep
Church - To remove identifying marks from, to make like new again.  "Church a watch."
Civil rig - a trick of the beggars to obtain by over civility
Clean shirt day - Sunday
Clankers - silver tankards
Clapper dudgeon - a beggar born
Claret - blood
Cleaned - out mucked, having lost all your money
Clench it - complete the thing finish the business
Clerked - cheated, imposed upon 
Click - a knock down blow, to nab, to snatch
Clickman toad - a watch * (It was originally called so from time following circumstance. A gentleman passing through some part of the West of England, by accident lost his watch, and a greenhorn hearing it tick imagined it to be some live creature; so with the greatest astonishment carried it to his neighbours, who, equally amazed as himself, (for noise of them had ever heard of such a thing as a watch) thought it was some reptile, and so christened it a Clickman toad ; and with a view to get a breed of young. clickman toads, put it with a real toad ; but after making many fruitless trials, they all assembled togeher and dashed its brains out for madness.)
Clicks in the gob - thumps in the mouth
Clinkers - fetters
Cloaker - drop at Newgate
Clockey - a watchman
Cloy - to steal
Cly or clie - a pocket
Cly faking - To pick a pocket, especially of its handkerchief (for which there was a ready market)
Coach wheel - a crown piece
Coal-box - chorus of a song
Coal-scuttle - a large bonnet
Cob - a dollar
Cobble colter - a turkey
Cock - a trump, good fellow
Cock chafer - a lady bird, a prostitute
Cockchafer - An especially build treadmill in the 'Steel
Cod - haughty meddling fool
Coffee-mill, watchman's rattle.
Cog - to cheat with dice
Cogue - a glass of gin
Coiner -  A coin counterfeiter
Cokum (n & adj) - Opportunity, advantage, shrewd, cunning.
Cole, or coal - blunt, money
Colguarian - the neck
Collar - to grab, snatch,
Collector - a highway robber
College - the King's Bench or Fleet Prison
Colt - one who lets horses to highwaymen
Come down - to give, stand, treat
Come out - worse than very bad, execrable
Commission - a shirt
Commission, to shake your - to shake your whole frame
Communicator - bell
Conk - the sneezer, the nose
Convenient - a mistress
Conveyancers - thieves
Cool - Look, look at this/it. (cb)
Cooler - a glass of porter
Cooped in durance vile - to lock up in a goal
Coopered - Wornout, useless
Coopered Ken - A bad place for a stick up.
Cop, Copper -  A policeman
Coppers - halfpence
Core - the heart -
Coriander seed - money
Corinth - a brothel
Corinthians - men of rank
Corpus - the body
Costermongers - jackass boys, venders of greens &c.
Counting-house - Mrs. Jones's, the privy
Court-card - a trump 
Couter -  Pound (money)
Cove, or covey - 
    a fellow
    a receiver of stolen goods
Cove, lumber - a person that keeps a place for thieves
Cover me decent - a top tog, a great coat
Cover me properly - fashionable toggery
Cover me queerly - ragged rainment
Covess of a ken - a female keeper of a brothel
Coxy fuss - billing and cooing
Crabshells - Shoes
Crack - to break open
Crack'd canister - a broken head
Cracksman - A Burgler, a safecracker.  One who clracks of breaks locks.  A whole genre of thief.
Crammer - a lie
Cramp-rings - fetters
Cramp words - sentence of death passed on a criminal
Crank - gin and water
Crap - money
Craping curl - an executioner
Crapped -  hung, hanged.
Creeme - to put money in the hands of another
Crib - 
    A building, house or lodging.  The location of a gaol.
    to thieve
Crib, a ken - a mean looking room
Crikey - a word of wonderment
Crimp - a decoyer, kidnapper
Crimping shop - A waterfron lodging house, esp. one associated with the forcable impressment of seamen.
Crony - a companion
Crooked cross, to play the -  To betray, swindle or cheat.
Cropping - the tail
Cross, on the - getting a living by dishonest beans
Cross bite - to cheat a friend 
Cross fight - a sold battle
Cross the herring pond - transported to Botany-bay
Crow _  A lookout.  A doctor.
Crowdsman - a fiddler
Crummy - fat
Crusher -  A policeman
Crusty - vexed, chagrined
Cub - a young child
Cucumbers - tailors
Cuffin queer - a magistrate
Culch - cag mag meat, or the refuse of anything
Culp - a kick
Cup-hot - very drunk
Cur - a sneak, a coward 
Curbing law - to take goods out of a window
Curl - clippings of money
Curlers - Jews who sweat gold coin by rubbing them together, for the dust 
Cursion - broken down lawyers, Newgate attorneys
Cussin - a man
Cut - sheer off, go, avoid, or shun a companion
Cut bene - to speak gently

D.

DAB, a bed

Dab, one who is clever

Dad, a father

Daffy, max, gin

Dagen, a sword

Daddle, the hand

Damn, to crush, to do away with a drama

Damp your mugs, wet your mouth, drink

Dandy, a swell, an exquisite

Dancers, stairs

Darby, ready money

Darbies, sausages, fetters

Darby's fair, the day when felons are removed to Newgate for trial

Darkey, night

Darkmans, the night

Darken the daylights, to close up the eyes

Dash, a waiter

Dash, a portion

[-105-] Daylights, the eyes

Dealers in queer, passers of bad money

Dead beat, done over

Derrick to, to set out on an enterprise

Deuce, twopence

Deux wins, two pence

Dews, a crown piece

Dew-beaters, the feet

Diamond squad, folks of quality big'uns

Diamond a horn, to, to put a stone under the shoe, to sham walking lame

Diddle, spirituous liquors

Diddle cove, landlord of a gin shop, &c.

Diddle, to cheat

Die proud, or game, to die with courage, on hardened

Dimmock, money

Dumber, handsome pretty

Dimber damber, the king of the canting crew

Dimber cove, a pretty cove, or fellow

Dumber mot, an enchanting girl

Ding, to throwaway

Ding boy, a rogue, knave, or sly fellow

Dinger, a pickpocket, or thief

Dipper, anabaptists

Dock yarder, a skulk in any sly place

Doctors, false dice

Doff, to uncover take your hat off

Dollop, a handful 

Dominic, a parson

Done brown, done over, queered, floored

Donovans, potatoes

Donkey's ears, a false collar

Don't name em's, inexpressibles, breeches

Dorse, a place of rest

Douse the glimm, blow out the light

Doughey, a baker

Down, fly, awake, knowing

Down in the mouth, having nothing to say, low spirited

Doxy, girl of the town

Dozing crib, a sleeping room

Drag, a cart or waggon

Drap, a drop

Draw it mild, gently

Draw latches, robbers of houses

Drawers, stockings

Drawing a cork, giving a bloody nose

Drawing a thimble, picking a pocket of a watch

Drawing a wiper, picking a pocket of a handkerchief

Drawing a long bow, telling a lying story for truth

Dromedary, a clumsy thief a young beginner

Drop, the squeezer at Newgate 

Drops, who go about to public [-106-] houses to cheat unwary countrymen at cards

Droppings, heavy wet, beer

Dub, a key

Dub the jigger, fasten the door

Dubber, a picker of locks

Duds, togs, clothes

Duds cheer, ragged, poor

Duffers, swindlers, who go about with articles pretending they are smuggled and to sell them at an apparently cheap rate

Dummy, a stupid fellow, one who has nothing to say for himself

Duke of limbs, a deformed person

Dunnaken, if it be necessary to explain the word, a privy

Dupe, a victim to artifice and misrepresentation

Durance vile, prison

Dutch reckoning, bad reckoning

Dust, money

Dustman, sleep, or drowsiness

E.

EARWIG, a crony, a close friend

Earth stoppers, horses feet

Elbow shaker, a dice rattler, a gambler

English Burgundy, strong beer

Eriffs, young thieves in training

Eve droppers, vagabonds who rob hen roosts

F.

FACER, a blow on the face, a bumper

Fadge, a farthing

Fag, to ill use, to work hard

Fakements, scraps, morsels

Fast trotters, good horses, rum prads

Fam, a ring

Fams, or fambles, hands

Fancy, the ton of low life

Farmer, an alderman

Fastener, a warrant

Faulkner, a juggler, a tumbler

Fawney, a ring

Feck, to, to discover which is the safest way of obtaining stolen goods

Feeder, a spoon

Feint, pawnbroker

Felt, a hat

Fem, a hole

Fence, a receiver of stolen goods

Fencing ken, a house where stolen goods are deposited

Feret, a pawnbroker

Fib, to fight, to box

Fibbing, pummelling a head while in chancery

Flich me some panea and causau, cut me some bread and cheese

Fiddler, a sixpence

Fiddle, a watchman's rattle

Fiery snorter, a red nose

Field lane duck, a baked sheep's head

[-107-] Fig out, to dress

Figure, a little boy put in at a window to hand goods to his accomplice

Filcher, a thief

File, a rum, an odd fellow

Filch, to steal

Fin, arm

Fishfag, a woman that sells fish

Fishooks, the fingers

Fives,the fingers

Fives, a bunch of, the fist, the hand closed

Flag, groat, fourpence 

Flame, a bit of muslin, a sweetheart

Flankey, the behind, the part you sit on

Flash of lightning, a glass of gin

Flash, language used by thieves, gypsies; to sport

Flashman, a prostitute's bully 

Flash cove, the keeper of a place for the reception of stolen goods

Flashing his gab, showing off his talk

Flash his ivory, showing off his teeth

Flat, a raw, an inexperienced fellow, a fool

Flat-catcher, an article to dupe the public

Fleec'd, clean'd out, stript

Flick, to cut

Flicker, a drinking glass

Flimsies, Bank of England notes

Flipper, the hand

Floating academy, the hulks at Woolwich for convicts

Flogger, a whip

Floored, knocked down

Floorers, fellows who throw people down in the street, &c. when their companions under the pretence of assisting, rob them

Flowers of society, the ornaments of high life, big'uns

Fly, up, acquainted with

Flyers, shoes

Flying colours, to come off with, to come off with luck, to do anything with advantage to yourself

Flue faker, a chummy, a sweep

Fogle, pocket handkerchief

Fogo, stink

Fog, smoke

Fogus, tobacco

Fogay, a stupid fellow

Footing, money paid by a prostitute when going among her companions, also money paid on entering into any trade or calling amongst mechanics

Fork, a pocket

Forh [-sic, ed-] it out, to produce anything by the hand

Forks, fore and middle fingers

Fresh water bay, Fleet-market

Frisk, mischief

[-108-] Frontispiece, the face

Frow, a prostitute

Frummag'd, choked, or hang'd

Frumper, sturdy blade

Fudge, gammon

Fuller's earth, gin

Fumbles, gloves

Funk, stew, to fret

Funk, to cheat, alarm, to smoke, stink

Funkers, the very lowest order of thieves

G.

GAS, the mouth

Gaff, a fair

Gaffing, tossing with the pie man

Gag high, on the whisper, nosing, telling secrets

Gag low, the last degree of beggary; to ask alms in the streets with a pretended broken limb

Gage, a quart pot

Gaggler's coach, a hurdel

Gaiters, blacklegs, gamblers

Galligaskins, breeches

Gams, the legs

Game, courageous, sturdy, hearty, hardened

Gammon, falsehood or bombast

Gammoners, cheats, swindlers

Gan, the month

Gape seed, anything that attracts the sight

Garnish, money demanded of people entering into prison

Gay tyke boys, dog fanciers

Gee, suitable; that won't gee, wont do

Gelter, money

Gentry cove, a gentleman

Gentry ken, a gentleman' s house

George, yellow, a guinea

George, a half crown piece

Gig, fun, nonsense, ready, on the alert

Gill, a cove, fellow

Gills, cheeks

Gin spinner, proprietor of a gin shop

Ginny, an instrument to lift up a crate, in order to steal what articles are in the window

Giving turnips, to cut acquaintance, to shun any body

Glazier, one that breaks windows and show glasses in order to steal goods exposed for sale

Glibe, a writing

Glim, the candle, or light

Glims, peepers, eyes

Glims flashy, a person in a passion

Glim Jack, a link

Glimstick, a candlestick

Glim fenders, hand irons

Gloak, a man

Glue, the lady's fever, venereal disease

[-109-] Gnostics, knowing ones

Go it, keep on

Go slow, draw it mild, easy

Go by, to rise by superior force turn the tables, against you

Gob stick, a silver table spoon

God permit, a stage coach

Goggles, the eyes

Goldfinch, yellow boy, gold coin

Gone to pot, become poor in circumstances, gone to the dogs

Goose, to, to hiss like a goose

Goth, A, a fool an idiot

Grabb, snatch

Grab the bit, to seize the money

Grabbed, taken, or apprehended

Grand strut, Rotten Row, Bond Street

Grand twig, in prime style

Grannurn gold, old hoarded coin

Gravel digger, a sharp toed dancer

Gravel tax, money robbed from people on the highway

Grease, money

Greek, St. Giles's, slang language

Greeks, gamblers, blacklegs

Green bag, lawyer

Green, raw, unlearned

Greenhorn, a sponge, a raw, countryman

Grig, merry fellow, merry companion

Grinders, the teeth

Groaners, a sort of wretches who attend meetings, sighing and looking demure; in the meantime their pals pick the pockets of those persons who may be in the same pew with them. They also rub the congregation of their watches, as they are coining out of church exchange their hats for good ones jocosely called hat making steal prayer-books, &c. ; also fellows who go around with street preachers, who, while the mock parson is preaching, they pick the pockets of the listeners

Groat, a flag, four-pence

Gingham, a horse

Gropers, blind men

Gropusses, the pockets

Ground sweat, to be buried

Grub, provender, victuals

Grub and bub, victuals and drink

Grunter, a pig

Grunter, a bob, shilling

Guinea pig, a fellow who receives a guinea for puffing off an unsound horse

Gull, to cheat, circumvent

Gulpin, a raw, a yokel unlearned

Gum, abusive language

[-110-] Gun-powder, an old woman

Gutter lane, the throat

Gutting a quart pot, drinking a pot of beer

H.

Hack, a hackney coach

Half and half, half seas over, tipsy

Half a bull, half a crown

Half a hog, half a shilling

Half a grunter, sixpence

Half nap, venture, hesitation

Hams, breeches

Hammering, excessive heavy thumps with the fists

Hamlet, high constable

Hand over, to bribe evidence not to appear against a culprit, to drop an argument, an action

Handle the ribbing, to knock the ribs about

Hang it up, to leave a reckoning unpaid at a public house

Handle, a tool, a silly fellow 

Hard up, in a queer way, money all gone

Harman, a constable 

Harmans, the stocks

Havannah, under a canopy of, sitting where there are many persons smoking tobacco

Hawks, swindlers, sharpers

Hawks, an advantage

Hear anything knock, do you take the hint

Hearing cheats, ears

Heave, to rob

Heavy brown, beer

Heavy plodders, stock brokers

Hedge taverns, public houses on the road side, little frequented by travellers

Heavers, breasts

Hedge creeper, the meanest order of thieves

Hedge bird, mean scoundrel

Hedge, to secure a bet by betting on the contrary side

Hedge off, slink off to avoid serious consequences

Hell, a gambling house

Hell cat, a lewd abandoned woman

Hell hound, profligate impudent fellow

Hempen casement, a halter

Hempen furniture, money rewards for convicting felons by thief takers and others; commonly called blood money

Hempen widow, a woman husband has been hang'd

Hen, woman

Hick Jop, a bumpkin, a fool

Hick Sam, a country fellow, a fool

High pads, thieves, or footpads who rob on the highway, on foot, of the same class as scamps and spicers

High flyer, an audacious impudent woman

High tide, having plenty of money

High tobers, the highest order of thieves, who rob on the highway, well dressed and mounted on fine horses

High gloak, well dressed highway man

High jinks, gamblers, a set of fellows who keep little goes, take in insurances ; also attendants at the E.O. tables and at the races; fellows always on the look out to rob unwary countrymen at cards

Hob, a bumpkin, a clodhopper 

Hobbled on the leg, a transported felon ironed on the leg. and sent on board the hulks

Hog, a shilling

Hog grabber, a sneaking mean fellow, a cadger

Hog grunter, a close fisted, narrow-souled, mean fellow

Hoisters, shop-lifters, fellows who go into shops, and under the pretence of buying goods, generally conceal some article under the sleeves of the coat, mostly frequenting jeweller's shops

Hoister mots, women who go into shops and steal some small article

Holy land, St. Giles's, from St Giles's being the pat-ron Saint of beggars

Hoofs, the feet

Hoof it, to walk

Hooked, overreached

Hookers, thieves

Hop, a sixpenny, a dancing-room, where sixpenc is the price of admission

Hop merchant, a dancing-master

Hop the twig, run away 

Harness, watchmen, constables police officers

Hot flannel, liquor made of beer and gin, with eggs, sugar, and nutmeg

Hue, to whip, lash

Huff, a bullying, cowardly, fellow

Huggar, drunk

Hum box, pulpit 

Hum, a liar, a canting deceitful Wesleyan methodist

Hum, to humbug, deceive

Hums, people at church

Humpty dumpty, boiled ale and brandy

Hunting, drawing unwary people to play 

Hush, still, quiet

Hush money, money given to compound felony 

Huskey lour, a guinea, gold coin

I.

INDEX, the face

[-112-] Ignoramus, a stupid ,fellow a novice

Inexpressibles, breeches 

Ingle boxes, jacks tipped with silver and hung with bells

Ingler, horse dealer of bad-character

Interlopers, lazy fellows who are dependent on the generosity of their friends for support

Irish apricots, potatoes

Irish evidence, false witness

Irish legs, thick legs

Iron doublet, a parson

Iron, money

Itch land, Scotland

Ivories, the teeth

J.

JACK, a farthing

Jack Adams, a muff, stupid fellow

Jack at a pinch, a hackney parson

Jack in the box, a sharper, a cheat

Jack cove, a sloven, dirty fellow

Jack-a-dandy, a little impertinent fellow

Jack pudding, merry Andrew, a clown

Jacken closer, a seal

Jacob, a ladder

Jacobites, sham or collar shirts

Jackrum, a license for marri3ge

Jam, gold ring

Jarvey, hackney coachman

Jasey, a wig

Jaw, abusive language

Jehu, a coachman

Jemmy, twopenny, head

Jenny, a pick-lock

Jet, a lawyer

Jet Autem, a parson

Jew, an over-reaching fellow

Jig, a trick

Jigger, a door, bolt, or private-still

Job, guinea

Jobber knot, a tall stupid fellow

Jock gagger, fellows who live on the prostitution of their wives, &c.

Joe, an imaginary person, - nobody; as, Who do those things belong to ? Joe

Jolter head, a heavy dull blustering landlord

Jones's, Mrs., the coffee house, privy

K.

KATE, a picklock

Keep up the ball, to live and be jolly

Keep the line, to, to behave with decorum

Ken, a cribb, room

Ken-cracker, house breaker 

Ken Bowman, a well furnished house

Ken, flash, a house where thieves and vagrants resort

[-113-] Ken miller, house breaker

Kick, sixpence

Kick, to borrow money, to ask a favour

Kick the bucket, to expire

Kicksies, breeches

Kid, a fellow thief

Kiddies, flash fellows

Kid lays, villians who defraud boys of their parcels and goods

Kiddiess, a slap up well-dressed girl

Kid with, pregnant

Kid-nappers, fellows who steal children, and decoy countrymen and strangers in the street, to rob them ; also recruiting crimps

Kidwy, a thief's child 

Kill devil, new rum, from its pernicious quality

Kinchin, a young child

Kimbau, to defraud, cheat

King's mots, female children carried on the backs of strollers and beggars to excite the pity of the public

King's picture, king's head on gold coin

Kinchin coves, fellows who steal children for gypsies

Knacker, an old good for nothing horse

Knife it, stow it, be quiet 

Knight, a poor silly fellow

Knight of the awl, a snob, cobbler

Knight of the hod, a bricklayer's labourer

Knight of the road, a highwayman

Knight of the brush and moon, a drunken fellow

Knight of the post, a perjurer, false swearers, fellows employed to give false evidence

Knight of the blade, a bullying sham captain, a braggadocia

Knights of the rainbow,  waiters, footmen, lacqueys

Knowledge box, the jemmy, head

Knuckles, pickpockets

Knuckle dabs, ruffles

Ky-bosh on, to put the, to turn the tables on any person, to put out of countenance

L.

LADY-BIRD, a sweetheart, bed-fellow

Laced woman, a virtuous female

Lady's man, an obsequious fellow to females

Lady in mourning, hottentot girl

Lag, to transport

Lagged, transported

Lagger, a person working on the water

[-114-] Lame ducks, defaulters at the Stock Exchange

Lambskin men, the judges

Lantern, dark, a servant or agent that receives a bribe to conceal a robbery

Lap, butter-milk, whey

Lap, rum, good liquor

Lap feeder, a spoon

Lapping your congou, drinking your tea

Lark, a bit of mischief, fun

Leading strings, the control of friends

Leery, fly, up, acquainted

Leerers, the eyes

Left, over the, no go, it won't do

Leg bail, running away

Leg o'mutton sleeves, large sleeves worn by the ladies

Levanters, persons who run away from their debts of honour

Lib, to live together

Lib ken, lodging house

Libbege, a bed

Lifter, a robber of shops

Lighting a candle, sneaking out of a public house without paying the reckoning

Light blue, gin

Lightning, gin

Lightning, a noggen of, a quartern of gin

Lightments, the day

Lil, a pocket book

Lily white, a snowball, a black, a chimney sweep

Limbo, prison

Line, getting into a, confusing a person, imposing on anybody's belief by joking

Lingo, slang, language

Link it, turn it out

Lipish, saucy

List, or Loist, shop-lifting, robbing a shop

Little Barbary, Wapping

Little shillings, love money

Lively kid, a funny fellow, a brave man

Loap'd, run away

Lob, money till

Lob, an easy foolish fellow

Lob lolly, a queer cooked mess

Lobs pound, a prison

Lobsters, soldiers

Lock, a warehouse f or the reception of stolen goods

Lock, rum, being in good health; rich, clever, expert

Locksmith's daughter, key

Loge, a watch

Loose house, round house or cage

Lord, a deformed hump-backed person

Lour, money

Low-water mark, having little money

Logs, or listeners, the ears

Lully, wet linen

Lullaby cheat, an infant

[-115-] Lully priggers, the lowest order of thieves, who decoy children to some bye place and rob them of their clothes

Lully snow prigging, stealing wet linen from hedges

Lumber ken, a pawnbroker's shop

Lumber the ticker, to pawn a watch

Lurch, in the, to be left behind, to sneak, to hang on

Lush cribs, sluicery's, gin shops

Lush, drink

Lush ken, an alehouse

Lushingtons, drunkards

M.

MACE, to rob, steal

Mackry, the country

Mad Toms of Bedlam, fellows who counterfeit madness in the streets, and after beating themselves about, spit out some blood, in order to convince the too feeling multitude that they have injured themselves by violent struggles, and so obtain relief they have a small bladder of sheep's blood in their mouth and when they choose can discharge it.

Made, stolen

Mag, halfpenny

Make, to, steal

Malty coves, beer drinkers

Mary-le-bone kick, a kick in the belly

Marrowbones, the knees

Mat macers, fellows and old women who go round in a morning when the servants are cleaning the doorways and steal the mats, &c.

Maunder, beggar

Maundering, begging

Mauns, tip us your, give me your hand

Mawley, the fist

Mawmouth, one that splutters in his talk

Max, gin

Mazzard, the head

Mest, to spend

Middle-piece, the stomach

Mill, thump, fight

Mill the glaze, breaking windows or lamps

Mill the ken, break open the house

Mill his nob, break his head

Mill clapper, a woman's tongue

Mill doll, to beat hemp in Bridewell

Miller, a boxer

Missing, courting, to be gone or away

Misstopper, a coat and petticoat

Mizzle, go, begone

Moabites, bailiffs and their crew

Mog, a lie

[-116-] Moisten your chaffer, drink 

Monish, tip us the, give me the money

Monkey up, being in a violent passion

Mopus, a halfpenny

Moon cursers, link boys

Moonshine, nonsense flummery

Morriss off, to run away 

Mother, a name for the keeper of a brothel

Mother's milk, rum, boose, good liquor

Mots, cyprians, whores 

Mount, to give false evidence 

Mounter, a common perjurer, villians who give false evidence and become bail for fellows of their own stamp

Mouth, a stupid fellow, a novice

Move, an incident, an action in life

Mower, a cow

Muck, money

Muck, to, to clean out, to win all a person's money

Muck'd, lost all at play, no money left

Mud pipes, thick boots

Muff, a raw, a silly fellow

Mufflers, sparring gloves

Mug, the face

Mugs, cutting of, making faces

Mullygrubs, the belly ache

Mummer, the mouth

Mummers, strolling players, mounteback speakers, gypsies, and beggars who tell pitiful stories to excite compassion

Muns, mouth

Mumbling cove, a sturdy ill-natured landlord, shabby fellow

Murphies, potatoes

Muzzle, the mouth

N.

NAB, to steal

Nabb'd, taken

Nail, to lay hold

Natty lads, young thieves

Nash, to bolt, to run away

Needful, money

Never wag, man of war, the Fleet Prison

Neat thing, good liquor

Nab, a hat

Nabs, a person to either sex; a familiar way of talking; as, How are you my Nabs

Nob the bib, to cry and wipe the eyes

Nab the rust, to receive the money

Nab the noge, to receive a guinea

Nab the clout, steal a handkerchief

Nab the cramp, having sentence of death passed

Nab the hung, to receive a purse

Nask, a prison

[-117-] Napper, or Nads, a sheepstealer

Napper, the head

Ne'er a face but his own, not a farthing in his pocket

Newlicks, or Noolucks, a person not known, an imaginary being, said to be a kin to Joe, Cheeks, &c

Nibble, thieve, steal

Nicks, nothing

Nim, to steal

Nimmer, a thief of the lowest order

Niggers, fellows who clip and file gold coin

Nig, clipping of money

Nick it, to win a wager

Nip, a cheat

Nipperkin, half pint measure

Nix, or nix my doll, nothing

No go, it won't do, a bad experiment

Nob, the head

Nob, the head ; a fellow carrying a high head, a man of money, of respectability

Nob thatcher, a hat maker 

Nob, old, a favourite game used by sharpers, called pricking in the hat

Nobblers, blows, thumps 

Noddle, empty headed, shallow pated, stupid

Noll, a wig

Noodle, a sawney

Norway neckcloth, the pillory

Norfolk capon, a soldier, a red herring

Nose, a, one who splits or tells

Nose, to, to expose, tell

Nozzle, the nose

Nob, the neck

Nubbing, hanging

Nubbing cove, the hangman

Nubbing ken, the sessions house

Nubbing cheat, the gallows 

Nail gropers, people who sweep the streets in search of old iron, nails, &c.

Nunnery, a brothel

Nurse, to cheat

Nutty, fond

Nut crackers, the pillory

Nutmeg grater, the beard

0.

OAK, a rich man of credit, substance

Office, warning, notice

Ogles, the eyes

Ogles in mourning, black eyes

Ogles, rum, fine piercing eyes

Oil of palm, money

Old One, or Old Harry, names for the devil

Old Tom, good gin

Old toast, a brisk lively old man

Oliver, the moon

Oliver widdles, the moon shines

Oliver sneaks, the moon hid under a cloud, has got his upper Ben on

[-118-] Oli compoli, a rogue of the canting crow

On the pot, being in trouble, vexd

On the mallet, having goods on trust

One two, two blows succeding each other

One in ten, a parson

Optics, the eyes

Operators, pickpockets

Os chives, bone handle knives

Out and outer, a rum' un, a  good fellow at any thing, a trump

Ousted, turned out, thrown

Over the left, it won't do, no go

Over the bender, over the bridge

Overseer, a fellow in the pillory

Owlers, runners and smugglers of wool

P.

PAD, a highwayman who robs on foot

Pad it, to walk

Palm, to fee, to hand over

Pallaird, beggars who borrow children, the better to obtain charity

Panum, victuals

Panum struck, very hungry, wanting something to eat

Pantler, a butler

Param, bread

Parings, clippings of money 

Panter, heat

Pat, an accomplice or companion

Patter, slang

Patter slang, to talk flash

Pattered, tried in a court of justice for felony

Pave, the pathway

Pavier's worshop, the street

Peck and boose, victuals and drink

Peel, to strip

Peeper, looking glass

Peepers, eyes

Peel your skin, strip, pull off your clothes

Peery, suspicious

Peg a hack, to drive a hackney coach

Peg, or peg stick, a bender, shilling

Peg tantrums, dead

Penance board, pillory

Persuaders, cudgels or spurs

Peter, a trunk

Peteresses, persons who make it their business to steal boxes from the backs of coaches, chaises, and other carriages

Pewter, money

Pewter, to unload, to drink porter out of a quart pot

Philistines, bailiffs and their crew

Phizog. the face

[-119-] Pickling tubs, Wellington or top boots

Picture frame, the gallows, or pillory

Pig, a sixpence

Pigman, a trap, or bailiff

Pigeon, a meek stupid easy fellow

Pike off, run away

Pinch, to steal money under pretence of getting change, see Ringing the changes

Pimple, the head

Pinks of fashion, dashing fellows

Pins, the gams, legs

Pippin, funny fellow, friendly way of expressing one's self as How are you, my Pippin?

Planket, concealed

Pockets, to let, empty pockets, no money

Point non plus, neither money nor credit

Poke fun, to chaff, joke

Poke, a bag, or sack

Poker, a sword

Poney, money, 50

Pop, to pledge or pawn

Poplers, mess of pottage

Poppers, pistols

Potato, drop it like a, to drop any thing suddenly

Potato trap, the mouth

Potato, red hot, take a, a word by way of silencing a person, a word of contempt

Pot scum, bad or stinking dripping

Pothooks and hangers, short hand characters

P's & Q's mind your, mind what you're at

Poundage Cove, a fellow who receives poundage for procuring customers for damaged goods

Prad, a horse

Prancers, horses

Prate, roast, a loquacious fellow

Pratt, buttocks

Pricking in the wicker for a dolphin, stealing bread from a baker's basket

Prigs, thieves, pickpockets

Prime twig, high condition

Prog, victuals

Prog, rum, good victuals

Prog, queer, bad victuals

Property, an easy fellow, a tool made use of to serve any purpose, a cat's paw

Provender, a person from whom any money is taken on the high road

Pudding house, the workhouse 

Pull, having the advantage over an adversary

Pull out, come it strong

Punch, a blow

Punish, to beat in fighting

Punisher, one who beats soundly

Pupil's straits, school tuition

[-120-] Purgatory, trouble, perplexity 

Purl, royal, ale and gin made warm

Purse, a sack

Put, a country fellow, silly, foolish

Putty and soap, bread & cheese _

Q.

QUARROMS, a body

Queer, base, doubtful, good for nothing, bad

Queer bit makers, coiners

Queer buffer, sharp inn keeper

Queer street, to be in, in a quandary

Queer cove, a rogue, villain

Queer ogles, squinting eyes

Queer patter, foreign talk

Queer rotar, a bad ill looking coach

Queer rag, ill-looking money, base coin

Queer blowing, ugly wench

Queer gill, suspicious fellow

Queer plungers, fellows who pretended to be drowned

Queer cole makers, coiners of bad money

Queer lap, bad liquor

Queer beak, strict justice, upright judge

Queer rag, bad farthing

Queer bit, counterfeit money

Queer lully, deformed child

Queer tats, false dice

Queer vinegar, worn out woman's cloak

Queer belch, sour beer

Queer cove, a turnkey

Queer bid, insolvent sharpers who make a practice of billing persons arrested

Queer cat lap,bad tea

Queer chum, a suspicious companion

Queer pops, bad pistols 

Queer put, an ill-looking foolish fellow

Queer thimble, good for nothing watch

Queer hen, a bad woman

Quota, whack, share

Quod cull, a goal keeper

Quail pipe, woman's tongue

Queer prad, broken-knee'd horse

Queer lambs, bad dice

Queer Nantz, bad brandy

Queer nicks, breeches worn out

Queer dogen, rusty sword

Queer buffer, a cur

Queer harmen beak, a strict beadle

Queer gum, outlandish talk

Queer glim, a bad light

Queer ken, a gentleman's house without the furniture

Queer doxy, a clumsy woman

Queer booze, bad beer

Queer amen curler, a drunken parish clerk

Qui tam, a shark, lawyer

Qui vive, on the alert, in expectation

Quid, a goldfinch, sovereign

[-121-] Quiz, a queer one, a gig, an aboriginal

Quod, prison

R.

RADICAL, Hunts breakfast powder, roasted corn

Rag, money; I've no rag, meaning I've no notes

Rag, blow up, rap out, scold

Rainbow, a tailor's pattern book

Rainbows, gay young bucks

Rain napper, an umbrella

Rap, I'm nut worth a rap, I've got no money

Rap, give evidence, take false oath

Rap out, to swear, blow up, be in a passion

Rat, drunken man or woman taken in custody for breaking the lamps

Rattling cove, a hackney coach man

Rattling gloak, a simple easy fellow

Rattling mumpers, beggars who ply coaches

Ready, money

Reader, a pocket-book

Red rag, the tongue

Red rag, give your, a holiday, hold your tongue

Red tape, Cogniac, brandy

Regular, in proper course

Regulars, persons thus called from their leaving parties of pleasure at eleven or twelve o'clock at night, to the no small discomforture of many an out-and-outer

Regent, half a sovereign 

Resurrection men, fellows who steal dead bodies from the church yard for the surgeons 

Rhino, grease, money

Ribbon, money

Ridge, gold outside of a watch or other article

Ridge cove, a wealthy goldsmith

Riff raff, black beetles, the lower order of people

Rig, fun, game, diversion

Rig out, a suit of clothes

Rig conoblin, cutting the string of large coals hanging at the door of coal sheds

Rigging, clothing

Right and fly, complete

Ring, to exchange one article for another

Rise, a, a disturbance

Rivertick, tradesmans books

Rivits, money

Roger, a portmanteau

Rooled up, put in a spunging house

Romoners, fellows pretending to be acquainted with the occult sciences, fortune tellers

Rome ville, London

Rookery, an ill furnished house

Roses, nobility

Rotau, a coach

[-122-] Rum glimmer, head of the link boy

Rum bodick, dirty shabby fellow

Rum beak, sensible justice

Rum doxy, fine made wench

Rum drawers, silk stockings

Rum gloak, well dressed man -

Rum Nantz, good brandy

Rum ghelt, or rum cole, new money

Rum squeeze, wine or other liquor given to fiddlers

Rum prancer, fine horse

Rum rufe peck, Westphalia ham

Rum prad, a highwayman's horse

Rum duke, queer old fellow, rich man

Rum gill, a man who appears to have plenty of money

Rum rush, a number of villians rushing into a house in order to rob it

Rum gutters, cape wine

Rum quid, good guinea

Rum chaunt, good song

Rum booze, good wine, or any liquor

Rum buffer, valuable dog

Rum cly, a full pocket

Rum feeder, large silver table spoon

Rum gaggers, cheats who tell wonderful stories of their sufferings at sea, in order to obtain money

Rot gut, swankey, small beer

Row, disturbance, and in the ken to breed a row,

Roysters, noisy, turbulent fellows, rude vile singers

Roundyken, the watchhouse 

Rumpus, a scuffle 

Rub, an obstacle in the way, to run away, to make off

Rub out, when its dry, all right when its forgotten

Ruffman, any person who handles a thief roughly; the wood, hedges

Rugg, all right and safe

Rug carrier, an ensign

Rum blowing, a handsome girl

Rum hopper, a waiter at a tavern

Rum mot, a woman of the town

Rum bob, a shop till 

Rum peepers, fine looking glasses, or bright eyes 

Rum speaker, good booty 

Rum job or rum dagen, a handsome sword

Rum quids, guineas

Rum, pad, the high road

Rum maundy, fellows who counterfeit the fool, going about the streets in order to obtain charity

Rum kicks, breeches

Rum file, or rum diver, a female pickpocket

[-123-] Rum dropper, a vintner

Rum cove, good natured landlord

Rum fun, sharp trick

Rum bung, full purse

Rum bow, rope stolen from any of the king's dock-yards

Rum clout, handkerchief

Rum bluffer, a jolly host

Rum bleating cheat, a fat sheep

Rum back, good natured Irishman

Rum barking irons, prime pistols

Rum dumber, good natured prince of the canting crew

Rum quod cull, a goaler 

Rum, or monogin, good, the most valuable of any thing jewels, diamonds

Rum'un, a trump, a good fellow

Rum ti tum with the chill off,  good, slab up, the tippy, excellent

Ryder, a cloak

S.

SACK, a pocket

Sack, to, to take up

Sam, a foolish fellow, an idiot

Sam, to stand, to pay for all

Sangaree, rack punch

Sans prisado, a person who comes into company without any money

Saving one's bacon, to escape with a whole skin, to evade any accident

Seedy, poor, miserable looking without money

Scamp, a thief

Setter, persons using the haunts of thieves in order to give information for the reward

Seven-pence, to stand, to suffer seven years transportation

Sew up the sees, to give a person two black eyes

Scandal broth, tea

Scamp foot, a street robber

Scent box, the nose

School butter, whipping

Scot, a savage person

Scotch fiddle, itch

Scottish, savage, wild, chagrined

Score, a debt, fine 

Scout, a watchman or beadle 

Screwbado, a dirty fellow, insignificant

Scroof, to go about living with friends at their expense

Scran, victuals

Scrap, a villainous scheme

Screw, a miser

Screw loose, a quarrel between two individuals, something wrong in a man's affairs

Screen, a pound note

Sharps, persons ready to take you in on all occasions

Shake a toe, to dance

[-124-] Shark, a lawyer 

Shade, nice to a, very particular

She lion, a shilling

Shell, to contribute, club

Sherry, run away, be gone

Sheriff's ball, an execution

Shindy, a regular row, a general quarrel

Shiners, guineas

Shirk, to cut, to skulk

Shop, a goal

Shop lobber, a dressed up silly coxcomb of a shopman, a powdered fop

Shopped, imprisoned

Shoot, to go skulking about

Shooting the cat, vomiting

Shove, crowd, push

Shove the tumbler, whipped at the cart's tail

Shove in the mouth, a glass of gin

Shoving the moon, moving goods by moonlight

Shoulder knot, a bailiff

Shuffle, go, morriss, begone

Slum, gammon, sham

Shy cock, a person afraid of a bailiff

Sigster, a nap, after dinner, a short sleep

Sidle, come close to 

Sighers, See Groaners 

Sight, take a, a manner of expressing contempt or ridicule by putting the thumb to the nose, with the fingers straight up in the air

Sight, a lot, a great many, a great deal

Sinkers, old stockings that have sunk the small parts into the heel

Sipper, a tea spoon

Six and eight pence, a lawyer

Sink hole, the throat

Skewer, a sword

Skin, a purse

Skinners, villians who steal children ; kidnappers who entrap unwary men to enlist for soldiers

Sky parlour, a garret, or first floor next the sky

Slang, flash language, patter

Slanged, ironed on one leg

Slap bang, victuals sold at a cook shop

Slate, a sheet

Sling tale and galena, fowl and pickled pork

Slipped cove, got away

Slogg, to thump hard

Slogger, a miller, a boxer

Sluicery, a gin shop

Sluiced their gobs, drank heartily

Sluice, wet, moisten

Slubber, a heavy stupid fellow

Sly, contraband

Smack the bit, share the booty

Smart blunt, forfeit money

Smart, regular, up, awake

Smashing cove, housebreaker

[-125-] Smash, to break, strike, also bid coin

Smash, a thigh of mutton and, leg of mutton, turnips, and capers

Smasher, passer of bad money

Smell, half a guinea

Smell a rat, to surmise something

Smeller, the nose

Smiter, the arm

Smicket, a shift

Smog, steal, nibble

Shaffle, highwayman

Sneak, on the morning, sneaking down in the kitchen, &c., just as the servants are up, and purloining any small articles, commonly practised by cadgers

Sneezer, the nose

Snitch, to turn, to nose, to tell tales, to turn sneak

Snorter, the nose

Snooze, to sleep,  doze

Snoozing ken, a sleeping room

Snow ball, a black man

Snuffle, the nose

Snuge, thief under a bed

Solomon, the mass

Some tune, a large amount

Something short, a glass of liquor

Soul driver, methodist parson.

South sea mountain, gin

Speck, a bad, a bad undertaking

Specks, barnacles, spectacles

Spicer, footpad, robber

Spicer, high, highwayman

Spike hotel, the Fleet, or King's Bench

Spilt, overturned in a carriage 

Spittleonian, yellow handkerchief

Spoke with, to rob 

Spoke to, he's taken by the officers, cast for death

Spooney, a foolish fellow

Spoil, to bruise, injure

Spree, a lark, fun

Spurs, diggers

Spunge to, eat and drink at another's expense

Squail, a dram

Squeaker, a cross child, also a pot boy

Squeezer, a drop at Newgate 

Stach, to conceal a robbery 

Stool, help, assistance 

Staller, an accomplice in picking of pockets by holding up the arms of persons

Stam fish, to cant

Stand the racket, treat, pay for all

Stand the nonsense, pay the money, stand treat

Stand still, a table

Stale whimper, a bastard

Stall, to make a stand, to crowd

Stag, an accomplice who has turned king's evidence

Stagged, discovered

Staller, an accomplice

[-126-] Stalling ken, broker's shop, or that of a person receiving stolen goods

Stampers, feet, shoes, stairs

Stark naked, gin

Star gazers, prostitutes who frequent hedge rows

Stephen, money

Stern, the, the goat, behind, what we sit on

Stifle a squeaker, to murder a child

Sticks, goods, chattels

Stiffner, a letter

Stick fans, gloves

Sticks, pistols

Stone pitcher, Newgate

Stoop, the pillory

Stow it, drop it be quiet

Stow your whid, be silent

Stranger, a guinea

Strap, mallet, trust

Strammel, straw

Stretching, hanging

Straw chipper, a straw bonnet maker

Strike, a guinea

Strings of onions, the lower orders of society

String, to, to impose on a person's belief by some joke or lie

Strike me dead, small beer

Strummer faker, hair dresser

Stumps, the feet or legs

Sucked, devilish drunk

Suit of cover me properly, suit of fashionable clothes

Sugar, cock your leg and cry, a way of expressing triumph or joy, by standing on one leg, and shaking the other up hooting 'sugar' loudly

Sufferer, a sovereign, also a tailor

Swaddy, a lobster, soldier

Swaddler, a pitiful fellow, a methodist preacher who preaches on the high road, when a number of people are assembled, his accomplices pick their pockets

Swag, a lot, much

Swallow, the throat

Swankey swipes, table beer

Sweeteners, guinea droppers

Swell out of luck, a decayed fop or dandy

Swinger, one leg and a, a sound leg and a lame one

Swig, liquor of any kind

Swigs men, thieves who travel the country under colour of buying old clothes

Swindling gloak, a cheat

T.

TACKLE, good clothes, also a mistress

Tag rag and bobtail, extremes of low life

Tail, a sword

Tallymen, persons who let out clothes to saloon cyprians

Tamarhoo, a hackney coachman, so called from the [-127-] song of 'Tamarhoo ; or The Devil and the Hackney Coachman'

Tanner, sixpence

Tape, gin

Tat, rum, good dice

Tatt, queer, bad dice

Tatt men, fellows who get their living by attending the gaming tables and playing at dice

Tater trap, the mummer, mouth

Tatty tog, a gaming cloth

Tattler, watch or clock

Tea-pot, a negro

Teaser, sixpence

Teazer of catgut, a fiddler

Tears of the tankard, drops of liquor

Teaze, to whip at the cart's tail

That's the ticket, just the thing as it ought to be

That dab's in quod, the rogue's in prison

Thimble, a watch

Three sheets in the wind, three parts drunk

Throw the hatchet, to, to tell a marvellus story, or a lie, and swear its true

Thums, three pence

Tie, equal

Tib of the buttery, goose

Tibby, one on your, I owe you one

Ticker, a watch

Tidy, pretty good

Timber, matches

Timber merchant, a match dealer

Time o' day, quite right, the thing

Tinker, sixpence

Tip, money

Tip, to give

Tip your rags a gallop, to bolt run away

Tip street, to be in, to have plenty of money

Tippy, the, just the thing, as it ought to be

Tip top, the highest, best

Tits, horses

Title-page, the face

Tizzy, sixpence

To nab a kid, to steal a child

To sing small, to draw the horns in, to be humbled

To mill a cheating bleat, to kill a sheep

To diamond a horse, to put a stone under the shoe to make it appear lame

Toddle, to walk

Toddlers, legs

Tog and kicks, breeches and coat

Tugged, dressed

Togman, a cloak

Togs, clothes

Tol lol, pretty well in health

Tolo bun rig, persons who go about the country telling [-128-] fortunes by signs, pretending to be deaf and dumb

Tolobon, the tongue 

Tombstones, teeth 

Tonic, a halfpenny 

Tooth pickers, Irish watchmen's shillalies

Topper, a hat

Topping, hanging

Topping cove, hangman

Touted, to be followed, or pursued

Touch, to arrest

Tout, to look out sharp, to guard

Tow street, in, said of  person, who is being misled or decoyed

Towe, clipt money

Town toddlers, silly fellows taken in by sharpers at play

Town tabby, a dowager of quality

Track, to go

Traps, constables or thief takers

Transporter, the mouth

Tramp, to wander as a beggar

Translators, sellers of old boots and shoes

Trib, a prison

Trine, to hang

Trine, the new drop

Trotters, the legs

Trooper, a blowing, prostitute

Trooper, half a crown

Trump, a good one, a jolly fellow

Trolls, the lowest order of prostitutes, followers of soldiers

Truck, stealing money under pretence of changing

Tuck, victuals

Tuck out, a good meal, a belly full

Tuck up fair, Newgate at a hanging time

Tucked up, hanged ; married

Tumbler, a cart

Turn-up, a casual set-to, a fight

Tulips of the goes, the highest order of fashionables

Tarter, a queer customer, a powerful enemy

Turnip, a watch

Turkey merchant, driver of turkeys

Twelver, a hilling

Twaddlers, pease

Twig, to see, observe

Twinklers, the eyes

Twirlers, hawkers of men s and women's clothes

Twittoe, two

Tykes, dogs

Tyke boys, dog owners

Tyro, a yokel a noviciate

U.

UNDER the screw, in prison

Under the rose, on the sly, concealed enjoyment

Unload pewter, drinking beer from pewter pots

[-129-] Unrigged, stripped of money and clothes

Up, acquainted with the conversation of the company, apprised of any transaction

Up to slum, humbug or gammon

Up the spout, articles at the pawnbrokers

Up the flue, being in trouble, on the pot

Upper Benjamin, an upper coat

Upright, ale-house pots

V.

Vamp, to pledge any article

Vampers, stockings

Vhite, gin

Velvet, the tongue

Velvet, to tip the, to talk to a woman, to impose by flowery language

Victualling office, the stomach or paunch

Voil, town

W.

WAPSTRAW, Johnny Raw, a yokel, a countryman

Wall flowers, old clothes exposed for sale

Wall it, chalking a reckoning up at a public house

Wall fruit, kissing against a wall

Warm, rich

Wattles, the ears

Water pads, fellows who rob ships

Water-heaped, a snivelling fellow

Wearing the breeches, the wife ruling the husband

Wedge, silver plate

Wet the other eye, take another glass

Wetting the neck, drinking

Whacks, shares of booty

Wheadle, a sharper

White wood, silver

White port, gin

Whither, silver bowl

Whimpshire, Yorkshire

Whiddler, a talkative fellow, an informer

Whirligig, the pillory

Whistling shop, a public house in a prison

Whisker, a bouncing lie

White buzmen, pickpockets

White toppers, white hats

White tape, gin

Whites, counterfeit silver

Wiggen, the neck

Win, a penny

Wipe, fogle, handkerchief

Wing, fly, up, acquainted with

Wobble, to reel, drunk

Wo ball, a milk woman

Wood pecker, a punster, joker, player on words

Wooden ruff, the pillory, as he wore the wooden ruff, he stood in the pillory

W's, between the two, hitting [-130-] in the belly between wind and water

Won't suit, no go, it won't do

Y.

YACE and onions, watch and seal

Yam, to eat hearty

Yankee, a tawney man

Yard of tape, a glass of gin

Yarmouth capon, a red herring 

Yaruin, food made of milk 

Yellow boys, goldfinches, sovereigns

Yellowman, a yellow handkerchief

Yelper, a fellow who makes pitiful lamentations of trifles

Yokels, green horns, country men

[-131-] THE SIXTY ORDERS OF PRIME COVES.

1    Rum-bubbers
    Coves
    Groaners
    Duffers
    Out and-outers
    Coiners
    Macers
    Swigsmen
    Bully rocks
    Lully priggers
    Ginglers
    Ken coves
    Bully huffs
    Starrers
    Strollers
    Mounters
    Shop-lifters
    Swadlers
    Sweeteners
    Clapper dogens
    Cloak twitchers
    Upright men
    Dubs men
    Forkers
    Bullies
    Autem men
    Beau nappers
    Badgers
    Cadgers
    Beau traps
    Twirlers
     Gammoners
    Groaners
    Fencers
    Spicers
    High topers

    Footpads
    Gamblers
    Swindlers
    Shoplifters
    Sturdy beggars
    Pad priggers
    Money lenders
    Ken crackers
    Queer culls
    Rushers
    Fawney coves
    Divers
    Adam iglers
    Knackers
    Millers
    Smashers
    Filers
    Gypsies
    Buffers
    Priggers
    Rum padders
    Gaggers
    Dragsmen
60    Bloods

