Alicia - Searching for the Dead

I stared down at my aunt Aunt Jane, lying in the hospital bed, hooked up to tubes and wires. Uncle Dan had found her, face up on the floor, eyes staring sightlessly at the ceiling, when he came home from the night shift. The paramedicas had found her breathing shallowly but otherwise unresponsive.

She had been pronounced brain dead at the hospital, but Uncle Dan had refused to believe it and insisted on keeping her on life support. He spent every day at her side, reading to her and holding her hand. I would come in to let him sleep before his shift began and stay until visiting hours ended.

The third night after Aunt Jane's collapse, I was in my usual place, sitting beside her, reading from the current book. Staying at the hospital until late, and getting minimal sleep was starting to take its toll. My eyes would drift closed every few minutes. The fifth time this happened in twenty minutes, I drifted very close to sleep when a noise in the hall startled me awake again. As my eyes opened, I saw a swirling dark vortex where Aunt Jane's face should have been. It was hypnotic, pulling my gaze deep into itself and drawing me from my chair. The edge of the bed jarred me as I bumped it. For just a moment I saw a flicker of something, at the far depths, a dark shadowed building, in a dimly lit place. Then it was gone and my aunt's face swam back into focus.

I stared at her, trying to shake the flash, then slowly backed up until I hit the chair, sitting abruptly. I lifted the book, but couldn't shake the view, staring at her instead of reading. Slowly, my eyes dropped shut again.

A voice woke me, saying, "You saw the vortex, didn't you? It's ok, I know you did. There's a feel about a sensitive and you have it." The voice belonged to an older nurse with her grey hair pulled back into a neat bun. She wore an old style uniform of white long dress with crisp folds, a small cap and white, sturdy shoes.

"Wha, who are you?"

"It doesn't matter. Your aunt isn't brain dead. Her soul has been stolen. You'd be amazed at the price of a soul these days. Far more than when I was young, let me tell you." Except for the words, she sounded like someone's grandmother, talking about her prize cookies. "You have time to get it back, if you're clever enough to figure out how. Look for the cracks between worlds. Just be sure you hurry" The woman turned and started back toward the door.

"Wait!" I called, but the woman never slowed. I hurried to the door, to find the corridor beyond empty. Only the shift nurse was in sight, seated at the desk near the elevators. She looked up as I slid to a halt at her station.

"Everything OK, Alicia?"

"Where did the other nurse go? I need to talk to her."

"What other nurse? No one else is scheduled for this area."

"Older woman, grey hair, white uniform dress, and a white cap. She just came out of my aunt's room."

"Oh, that would be Nurse Anne. She's one of the more friendly of the resident ghosts. This is an old hospital and it has collected quite an assortment of staff and patient ghosts over the years. Did she actually talk to you? She rarely speaks."

I stared at Monica, the shift nurse, in her casual scrubs and pleasant look, trying to see if she was joking, but she remained serious. "Ghosts? Actual ghosts?"

"I'm surprised when others see her, but why not? We have a resident ghost guide that sends the really nasty ones on to their afterlife. The ones that stay are very nice. Seems natural for ghosts to hang around here, with all the unfinished business that comes with dying. What did Ida have to say?"

"She woke me up, so I didn't catch what she was saying. That's why I was chasing her. Is there any way to find her?"

"Not really. She appears from time to time, but we don't know why."

"Who was she?"

"I don't really know much. She was a nurse here when they were building the new wing. Someone told me she died in a construction accident, and has been seen off and on since then. I think there's a memorial plaque in the Walters chapel."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The chapel was on the first floor, near the reception and information desks. The plaque was on the door, with the inscription, "In Memory of Jane Walters, Dear Friend, Beloved Nurse, Respected Collegue". I debated going in, but I had never found much comfort in religion, so I turned away and made my way back to my aunt's room.

There were a couple of hours of visiting time left, so I pulled my tablet out and started searching. It took quite some time to find an article on Haunted Places of the City to find anything about her. She had never married, had been a nurse at City Hospital from her graduation from nursing school. She had died when the excavation for new construction was underway. She started appearing in the hospital halls not long after her death.

Searching the history of the hospital showed the area completed near her death was now the emergency rooms, critical care, and morgue sections of the hospital. I was just considering how I could get into the morgue or emergency areas when I glanced at my aunt again and saw a shimmer of the vortx. Staring into it, I tried to force my view. That caused the vortex to fade. Frantically I fought to clear my mind and keep it clear long enough for it to return. With five minutes left before the end of visiting hours, I reached out and touched my aunt's face. Images snapped into clarity. I was standing in an old stone building. It was crumbling and decaying. Gritty grey dirt covered the floor and a chill wind whistled in through gaps in the walls. A heavy door blocked a passage to another room.

I pushed out with my mind to try and move to the door. It was starting to work until a hand on my shoulder slammed me back into my body.  I dropped to the floor, dizzy and disoriented. Above me I saw the face of Monica, the shift nurse. "Are you ok? What happened?"

"Uh, what, nothing, just zoned out until you startled me." I pushed myself to my feet and swayed against the bed. "Can I stand here for a minute? I think lack of sleep is catching up with me."

She helped me to the chair, saying, "I would feel better if you sat down until the dizziness passes. I'll check on you as soon as the other visitors have gone."

Monica returned fifteen minutes later wth a cup of water. "Drink this, then tell me how you are doing."

I sipped the water and levered myself out of the chair. "Look, I can stand now."

"You need to take better care of yourself. You won't do your aunt any good if you are sick yourself," Monica said. A flicker of distaste crossed her face before she spoke again, "I need to warn you about something that's a recent changein hospital policy. In the next few days, a couple of 'counsellors' will come in to encourage you to take your aunt off life support. It's a new thing, started just under a year ago. I think it has something to do with the insurance companies and cost reductions. In any case, it's been creeping out a lot of people since the representatives seem completely devoid of compassion."

"Is there any way to refuse this kind of thing?"

"No, it's required for cases like your aunt. They can't force anything, just be ready when it happens. Now, I actually have to chase you out of here, sorry," Monica finished.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I had every intention of leaving and warning my uncle about the coming visit, however, I pushed the button for the basement before even thinking about it. The corridors were narrower, darker, and more scratched up than the ones where visitors usually went. Sounds of machinery came from behind several doors as I followed the sign toward the morgue.

I stopped when I saw light coming from the door. It hadn't occurred to me that the morgue would be staffed continuously. Turning, I started back to the elevator. It chimed when I was half way there.Panicked, I tried the doors near me, hurrying to those farther from the elevator as the nearest ones turned up locked. I found an open one just in time to dart in before the security gard turned me way.

After testing the knob to make sure I could get back out, I let the door slowly close. Looking around I saw I was in the boiler room. Pipes ran everywhere in tangled masses. Heat radiated from the furnace. Water dripped slowly from older fittings and fans rumbled in the larger vents. I tried to listen through the door for the guard, but could hear nothing over the sounds in the room.

I turned back to the room, straight into the gaze of Nurse Anne. "What are you doing here? There isn't much time for your aunt!"

"Looking for you. I need to know how to get a soul back and how to fnd the cracks between worlds. It may be obvious to those of a ghostly persuasion, but it isn't to the living."

"I've only heard about the cracks between worlds. I've never looked for them. Getting a soul back is tricky. The stealers would want something of equal or greater value. Often the soul is stolen for a specific request. Without knowing why it was taken, there's little I can recommend." I slumped back against the door and slid down to sit on the floor. "I'm sorry, truly, but I don't know any more."

"Could you check and see if I can leave without getting caught?" I replied, pushing myself up. She faded through the door, returning in a moment and motioing me out. I hurried to the elevator and out of the hospital. It was a struggle to hold in the tears until I reached home. Once the door was closed, I couldn't hold back anymore. Running for my room, I threw myself on the bed, and sobbed into my  pillow.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"I just had a very disturbing conversation with a couple of hospital counselors," my uncle started, when I arrived at my aunt's room the next evening. "Someone sent then to talk me into unplugging Jane. They were insistent in a disturbing, money and resource argument way. There was no compassion in their conversation at all. No concern for her or our beliefs, just pressure to turn off life support."

"I'm sorry, I should have woken you up last night. Monica tried to warn me they would be coming. She said it's something to do with new insurance policies."

"Figures, more greed-head bullshit," he replied with venom in his voice. "There's been no change today. I'll try and be awake when you get home."

"Alright, I'll see you later." I tried to read to my aunt, but couldn't focus. After twenty minutes,I couldn't stay in the chair either, so I got up to pace. The mid evening checks found me still in motion in the room. Monica tried to reassure me while the other nurse ran the checks. She was able to get me out of the way, but it didn't help my growing unease.

Once they left, I approached the bed and stared for a long time before reaching out and touching her temples. It took several seconds, but the vortex snapped into view, even more clear than before. I focused on it, pushed toward it, then let go and tried to fall into it. The room spun as wave after wave of dizziness passed overme, while blackness edged in across my vision.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cold water dripping onmy face brought me awake. I was on my side, in a puddle of water, with rain drizzling down. Pushing myself up, I saw I was in a small brick walled room. The roof over me had large holes and I was under one of them. A doorway, without a door, was to me left. Thesky overhead was grey and black, with turbulent clouds churning around each other. The only sounds were the dripping of the rain and a faint bit of breeze whistling through the gaps in the bricks. I looked around, tried to unfocus my eyse, tried to find some sign of the vortex, but there was nothing. At last I turned toward the door.

Outside was a narrow passageway, between other ruined buildings. The breeze was stronger in the passage, cutting through my wet clothing and chilling me as I turned to the left. It was just a bit warmer with the wind at my back. The mud was thin enough that it held no tracks. I found a few brick fragments that I could use to mark on the walls and I set about leaving a trail as I walked.

By the time I reached the first intersection, I was shaking from the cold. Even walking as fast as  could, I couldn't generate enough warmth. The rythmic scratching sounds slowly grew in volume, until I could tell they weren't part of the wind. A large lizard scrabbled around a corner in front ofme. It looked like a crocodile head grafted onto a giant slamander. I turned to flee,only to see a second one moving up behind me. They stopped ten feet from me and watched. If I moved closer to one, it would open its jaws and taste the air with its tongue.

They didn't move when I backed up to the nearest wall and stood there, shaking from the cold and fear. I had thought I couldn't be any more afraid until two creatures came into view, one behind each lizard. They were tall, humanoid, and so wrapped in ratty cloth and clothing that I could see no features. Each one carried a long metal staff. The one on my right spoke in a hissy, sibilant language that sounded like a cross between snakes hissing and birds cooing. It increaed its volume when I didn't immediately respond."Look, I don't understand you."

It hissed in frustration, then motioned the lizard next to it to move aside. Then it pointed at me, then motioned to move past it. I stayed where I was until the lizard to my left opened it mouth and started toward me. I followed behind the one through a confusing number of turns and twists. Any time I would try and mark the walls, the following being would shove me with its staff.

Atlast we came to a doorway with an actual door. The lead being opened it, while the follower shoved me, hard, into the room. I stumbled forward, trying not to fall. When I got my balance, I looked up, into the face coverings of a larger one of the beings. It hissed at me, then babbled at me in something a lot more harsh. It tried a few more times, then motioned to the one that had been poking me. He poked me again and again until I finally snarled, "Hey, enough!"

"Ah, that language," the leader said. The one that hadn't been poking me said something that caused the leader to look more closely at me. "How did you get here? You didn't come in any of the normal ways. And why are you here?"

"I don't know," I replied, shaking so hard the words came out almost unrecognizable.

"Put her in one of the guest rooms. Make sure she is given adequate clothing and something hot. Bring her back in two zchacks," the leader said, waving me away.

They led me to a small room, no window, no drafts, with a tiny stove, and a bed. The firt one went in, adjusted the stove, then came out and motioned me in. I hesitated until the familiar staff in the back moved me forward. The door swung closed and I heard a lock engage. A few moments later, the door opened just long enough for a bowl of something steaming and a bundle of clothes to be pushed in.

The bowl held a clearish broth, that smelled almost good. The bundle of clothes were the same kinds of shapeless rags the others were wearing. It took only moments to shrug out of my wet things and pull on the dry rags. They hung poorly, bunched in odd places, but they were dry. That, combined with the heat starting to drift from the stove, eased the shivers.

I gave in and drank the broth after a few minutes. If the were going to kill me, there would be easier ways. It was warm, tasty, and seemed to chase the chills away even better than dry clothes. Then came the waiting. I had expected to stay awake, but my eyes slowly drifted shut as events caught up with me.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Three hours later, according to my phone, the door opened. The leader walked in, followed by another one. The other one placed a chair near the door and the leader sat. He motioned the other one out and I heard the lock again.

"Now, where were we? Oh, yes, you were going to tell me how you got here. So, how did you get here?"

"I really have no idea. I don't even know where here is."

"This is a private area, with only two ways in. You used neither. I don't mean to be nasty, but I can keep you here until you do tell."

"Look, I really don't know!" I started to rise, but thought better of it as a strange weapon appeared in a hand. "Ok, this is all I know." I told what had happened with the vortex. When I finished, the weapon disappeared again.

"And that answers why you are here. We don't return souls. That one was commissioned and it is bad form to break contracts. However, you have a rare skill and we have a rare problem. You help us with our problem and we will return the soul you want. Come with me." It stood and gave a complex knock. The door opened and I followed it out. I was taken deeper into the warren of rooms, until we came to another cell, similar to the last one, except a being was already on the bed.

It was tall and flabby, with a grey wrinkled skin, like an elephant, if its skin were more supple. It had cloth wrapped around its upper chest and groin. The face was a twisted characture of a humanoid face. Its body had vague hints of human femininity, but that was no indication of whether these creatures had gender. Its eyes were closed and its breathing shallow. "This is Sssrrathaaanssra. She is one of the finest soul aquirerers we have. Something stole her soul. It cannot be known that a soul merchant's soul can be taken. You get her soul back and I will gift you the soul you came to recover. Fail, and I will take your soul for my personal collection. I shall leave you to it. Rythsssrasha will remain outside the door. He will get you anything you need."

"Wait, please. It was a fluke I came here at all. I have no idea what to do or how to start the hunt."

"Rythsssrasha, bring us some hhrabathaaal, oh, and a language anklet. We have an elixer that helps us link to a soul we need to find. It may help you, or it may kill you. The anklet will help you understand the languages of any place you need to go. Rythsssrasha shall summon me when you have news." The leader turned and stalked out of the room.

I moved closer to the figure on the bed. I stared at her, hoping for a vortex, without having to touch her. Nothing worked, so I sat on the edge of the bed, took a deep breath, and touched my hand to her head. She was warm and the skin didn't feel as rough as it looked. Nothing happened at my touch, not even when I placed both hands on her head.

There was a knock before the door opened. Rythsssrasha entered with a thimble sized glass, an earthen bottle, and a small silk bag. He set them on the small table and left, closing the door behind him.

Inside the silk bag was an ornate silver ankle bracelet, with multiple fine linked chains and tiny bells. It fit around my ankle and seemed to adjust itself for a perfect fit.

The liquid in the bottle had an acrid plant smell, with just a hint of rancid fat. It poured out in a thick, green jelly-like syrup. It took a long time to work up the courage to swallow it. It went down worse than it looked, with a hot pepper burn, the sliminess of undercooked egg, and the aftertaste of gasoline. It hit my stomach and I doubled over, trying not to throw it back up. Cramps wracked me and I fell to the floor, curled up around myself.

The cramps eased a bit as my brain exploded. Everything around me shimmered and danced, like motes of dust caught in sunlight. My hands were transparent glass with light darting around inside. The stove was a shimmer of heat waves. The figure on the bed was an empty space in my vision. I crawled over to the bed and my hand bumped her as I tried to get up.

I fell into the emptiness that was her, but I didn't pass out this time. I burned, I froze, I was stretched into a thin stream and crushed into a blob, pain became pleasure, pleasure became searing pain as I fell along a nearly visible link to my quary. My senses overloaded and I fell without memory and without time for forever and no time at all.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I landed face down in hot sand. My head spun as I sat up. The world around me shifted from motes to solid and back again. Guts heaving, I closed my eyes until they calmed down and tried again. This time theview was mostly steady, although everything had a partial transparency to it. Repeated blinking brought the world into a slightly better focus. I was in an expanse of sand, with a plain of it sweeping off behind me. In front of me were foothills to a mountain range, climbing high into the sky, with a bare hint of snow on the peaks. The sun smote down, hot and brilliant and a hot wind stirred the rags I wore.

It took a few minutes for me to be able to stand without the world spinning. When I opened my eyes and looked around again, a faint purple line of fog stretched from me toward the hills, and the narrow mouth of a valley. I walked toward it, stumbling at first, but gradually getting my balance back.

The valley was narrow and long, cutting deep back into the hill. Palm trees stood over rough green scrub at the far end of the valley. Sword carryingfigures walked lazily near the edge of the green. One of them noticed me just after I saw them. It gave a shrill whistle and pointed my way. I turned and tried to run, but the soft sand slowed me down.

Shouts closed rapidly, shouting to surround me and take me alive. It was over in minutes, when figures on horses surrounded me, swords out and poiting my way. "Take that to the holding area andlet the captain know."

Two figures lept down, tied me quickly, and threw me over the back of one of the borses. I grunted as my breath was driven from me. They tied my hands to my feet and left me draped over the horse. I fought to breath as we rode back to the oasis.

Hands pulled me down and threw me into a small cave, slamming a metal grate closed and locking it behind me. I could still see the purple line leading deeper into theoasis, away from where I was being held.

Light was fading when a large figure walked to my cell. He motioned for the gate to be opened, then sent a man in. "Pull the hood back. Lets see what we have." The man jumped back after he pulled my hood back, face tisted in a grimace of distaste. "Abomination!" the captain spat. "Look at it, its destroyed its face with those metal things stuck through it."

He strode up to me, grabbed me under the chin, shoved my head back, and snarled, "What do you want here, abomination?" I gasped and choked, unable to speak with my head shoved so far back. He flung me to the ground and tried again, "What do you want?"

"Where am I?" I croaked with the little breath I had.

"I'll ask the questions. Answer now or I'll leave you to the inquisitor."

"I was lost..."

"Lies," he said and strode out. "Lock the gate and one of you keep watch."

Another group of men marched up just as thelast light was fading into darkness. They were dressed in better equi[ment than the last group and wre giving orders as if they expected instant obedience. The man left to watch me fumbled with the keys as he tried to unlock the gate. "Don't keep the master waiting, fool," one of the others said with contempt. "You and you, bring the prisoner. The master demands to see it."

I was hauled roughly to my feet and almost dragged at a fast walk toward a large cave mouth on the otherside of the valley. Men, in the same gear as my escorts, stood at attention near the cave mouth. I was hurried through several cavesand passages, deeper into the mountains. The air cooled significantly as we went deeper.

I was shoved in front of an hawk faced man, seated on a golden throne. "Master, here is the invader. It was found wandering at the valley mouth."

"What are you called, abomination?"

"How about abomination, since that is what you think I am," his tone and arogance made me stupid, as I found out when I was knocked to the floor by the nearest guard.

"Watfch your tongue, or we can cut it out," the guard hissed.

The man raised a hand. "Hold, it can't answer questions with no tongue. Fingers, or other parts, are a different matter. Take it to the room of examination. I shall join it shortly."

I was dragged down another passage, pushed into a small chamber, and shackled to the wall, with my hands high over my head. The guard walked out the door,leaving it open behind him. I could see a tiny bit of the passage wall, until my view was blocked by the master coming in. He was followed by a small man, in a brown stained apron. He went to a low table to my left and unrolled a leather bundle. Gleaming metal implements reflected the flickering torch light of the room. The master smiled and said, "Shall we try this again? What are you called?"

I froze, too terrified to force words out.

"I think a finger first, don't you?" the master asked the man with theimplements. He grinned and selected a medium sized cleaver and a block of wood. These were placed on the edge of the table closest to me and then he shoved the table until it was close enough. The master tossed a key to him and he unlocked the chain for my left hand, dropping it until he could wrap it around a pin arrangement. This placed my hand on the block, fingers positioned for chopping.

Black spots danced in front of my eyes. The world began to shrink into a black rimmed grey. I started to slump forward, close to passing completely out, when cracks appeared in the darkness. Violet flames danced in them, driving the darkness away and leaving me seeing a glowing ball floating above the shadowy figure of each man. A tiny yellow thread stretched from each body to the ball above it.

I watched as each ball pulsed and swirled in complicated patterns. A flash of motion drew my gaze as the cleaver raised over my hand. I yanked back and my hand slid through the metal shackle. My other hand came free as easily. Stepping forward, I grabbed the yellow line of the torturer and twisted until it broke. The man crumpled in front of the table. The master's face was shifting from gloating to fear as I darted over and snapped his line as well.

When I looked, the purple fog had solidified into a sharp line, leading back to the passage and deeper into the caves. I dodged around a couple of guards like I didn't even exist. One glanced up, looked around, then shook his head and returned to staring back the way I had come from.

I ran out of luck when the purple line continued through a closed door. My hand passed through the latch when I reached for it. Which made me wonder why I wasn't sinking through the cave floor or floating up through the ceiling. I pushed against the nearest wall, to see if I could slip though, but it felt like I was shoving my hand through broken glass.

Agonizing pain exploded through me as I slipped through the door. It chased along my nerves, causing me to twitch and jump like a spastic marionette. It seared and burned across my skin, coming in ever increasing, pulsing waves. Finally it stopped, letting me drop to the floor in a jerking, shaking mass of abused nerves.

The shaking slowly stopped, but the pain did not. Burn marks pocked my skin and clothing. My vision drifted between clear and foggy, but the purple line remained strong, leading to a tiny glass humanoid figurine on a far shelf.

Sound drifted in from beyond the door. Heavy boots on stone, harsh conversations, growing closer, and resolving into, "...traces lead to the vault. I want that thing for what it's done! Get that door open!"

I crawled toward the shelf as my body was too exhausted to stand. Pulling myself up allowed me to just reach the figurine as the door slammed open behind me. "Get it!" screamed the harsh voice. I touched it as a knife sailed into my shoulder. Blackness hit as my fingers closed around the item.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I woke face down on a warm something. Opening my eyes showed the soul merchant woman under me. I still held the figurine in my hand. As I moved to get up, it touched her skin, vanishing in a brilliant purple flash. I blinked repeatedly, trying to see through the purple flash burn on my eyes as she pushed me off her. I landed with a thud on my back, on the floor. She leapt from the bed and crashed face first into the floor next to me.

"What the hell happened to me?" she whispered through a raw throat.

"Your soul was..." I started.

"Stolen," she finished. "I remember now. And you, who are you?"

"The one who got it back."

"Thank you." She pulled herself over to the bed and into a sitting position, using shaky arms. "How long was I trapped?"

"I don't know. You have to ask the others." I pushed myself up and joined her in sitting with my back against the cot. "Hey, outside the door, your friend is back," I tried to shout at the door. My abused body managed speaking volume, but no more. I thought I heard something through the door, but wasn't sure, until it opened several minutes later.

"So, young soul tracker, you managed to succeed. I had my doubts. Rythsssrasha, please bring some jligznashkathaal for our young friend and for Sssrrathaaanssra. This is an auspicious day!"

"You should drink this. It will help with your injuries," Rythsssrasha said when he returned with two vials of thick grey goo.

It smelled terrible and tasted worse, hitting my stomach like a ball of lead. A few seconds later, it felt like a bomb went off in my insides. I doubled over, trying to puke, but nothing came up. Seconds later a warm flash surged through me and the turmoil just stopped, replaced with a euphoria I had never experienced. The charred areas of skin had disappeared and I felt stronger.

"I recommend you take a few minutes to let the after effects fade. After that, I have placed the item you desire in your temporary quarters, with your clothes. You should be able to return home in the same way as you returned here. Keep the language anklet, they attune to a single user and cannot be transferred."

"Thankj you again," Sssrrathaaanssra added.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I was able to remain aware during the trip back to the hospital. A last minute twisting of awareness allowed me to land beside the bed instead of on my aunt. She did not waken immediately after I touched the tiger eye gem to her, but her breathing deepened and her heartbeat changed slightly.

My uncle found me in the chair by her bed. "When did you get here? Where were you last night?"

"Um, I had a couple of things that I had to take care of." I was about to say more when the monitors changed, just as a groan echoed from the bed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Dev Note - Alicia

access soul merchants through vortex - inside "offices", so don't see that this is actually in the Discord


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTES for other things:
Seraphina finds Trauma 3 odd, she can almost see the veil script signs under the regular ones. She notices the containment systems that are concealed from casual view, especially in the entry areas and reception. there are fewer oddities on the top two floor where those exposed to veil events, but not veil personel are treated.
Shan would normally have been moved to the top floors, but all beds were full so she was put back in regular areas of the hospital.

Use Pittsburgh and Flashdance locations for Irena's home town. Use Claddagh for Brochan's, a chain-like place in the south side hood
figure out where something like Mawby's would be - Irena would frequent and dance there, not telling her friends since they were "too proper" for Irena's wild life

Consider Condrin Tavern in Bloomfield hood as

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Seraphina

I stared down at my aunt Aunt Elizabeta, lying in the hospital bed, hooked up to tubes and wires. Uncle Arthur had found her, face up on the floor, eyes staring sightlessly at the ceiling, when she hadn't come downto help open the deli. The paramedicas had found her breathing shallowly but otherwise unresponsive.

She had been pronounced brain dead at the hospital, but Uncle Arthur had refused to believe it and insisted on keeping her on life support. He spent every day at her side, reading to her and holding her hand. I would keep the deli open during the day and then head to the hospital, so my uncle could get some rest.

The third night after Aunt Elizabeta's collapse, I was in my usual place, sitting beside her, reading from the current book. The toll of opening, running, and closing the deli was starting to take its toll. My eyes would drift closed every few minutes. They had drifted closed for the fifth time in twenty minutes, but longer than before, almost into sleep, when a noise in the hall startled me awake again. As my eyes opened, I saw a swirling dark vortex where Aunt Elizabeta's face should have been. It was hypnotic, pulling my gaze deep into itself and drawing me from my chair. The edge of the bed jarred me as I bumped it. For just a moment I saw a flicker of something, at the far depths, dark, forbidding, jagged mountains beyond a shattered city. Then it was gone and my aunt's face swam back into focus.

I stared at her, trying to shake the flash, then slowly backed up until I hit the chair, sitting abruptly. I lifted the book, but couldn't shake the view, staring at her instead of reading. Slowly, my eyes dropped shut again.

A voice woke me, saying, "You saw the vortex, didn't you? It's ok, I know you did. There's a feel about a sensitive and you have it." The voice belonged to an older nurse with her grey hair, pulled back into a neat bun. She wore an old style uniform of white long dress with crisp folds, a small cap and white, sturdy shoes.

"Wha, who are you?"

"It doesn't matter. Your aunt isn't brain dead. Her soul has been stolen. You'd be amazed at the price of a soul these days. Far more than when I was young, let me tell you." Except for the words, she sounded like someone's grandmother, talking about her prize cookies. "You have time to get it back, if you're clever enough to figure out how. Look for the cracks between worlds." The woman turned and started back toward the door.

"Wait!" I called, but the woman never slowed. I hurried to the door, to find the corridor beyond empty. Only the shift nurse was in sight, seated at the desk near the elevators. She looked up as I slid to a halt at her station.

"Everything OK, Seraphina?"

"Where did the other nurse go? I need to talk to her."

"What other nurse? No one else is scheduled for this area."

"Older woman, grey hair, white uniform dress, and a white cap. She just came out of my aunt's room."

"Oh, that would be Nurse Ida. She's one of the more friendly of the resident ghosts. This is an old hospital and it has collected quite an assortment of staff and patient ghosts over the years. Did she actually talk to you? She rarely speaks."

I stared at Monica, the shift nurse, in her casual scrubs and pleasant look, trying to see if she was joking, but she remained serious. "Ghosts? Actual ghosts?"

"I'm surprised when others see her, but why not? We have a resident ghost guide that sends the really nasty ones on to their afterlife. The ones that stay are very nice. Seems natural for ghosts to hang around here, with all the unfinished business that comes with dying. What did Ida have to say?"

"She woke me up, so I didn't catch what she was saying. That's why I was chasing her," I replied, slowly returning to the room and slumping into the chair. I stared at Aunt Elizabeta for a long time, then pulled my tablet from my bag and started searching. Searches on Cracks Between Worlds and Soul Stealers returned many hits for movies, video games, and books, but nothing of relevence. Soul Stealing started to return some useful results, but mostly around new age thought, crystal amulets, and depression.

One link was intriguing in its lack of information. It was to Mama Adasha's Garden, a source for Vudahn practitioners. It contained an address in the Underlands of Brushwick, the area under the bridge approaches, and hours of business. There were no glossy web catalogue pages or glowing testimonials, just a simple, single page for a shop in the Under Bridge area of Brushwick. The hours were the same as the deli, but it was in easy walking distance.

The past days reminded me that I wished we had a part time employee to help with the deli, even though there wouldn't be enough hours most times. Then I remembered Inyasha, from thr 3 Sisters Diner, had helped out the last time my aunt nd uncle were down sick. I thumbed through my contacts list and realized Aunt Elizabeta had her number, but I had never gotten it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Inyasha was able to give me an hour mid morning. I slipped out as soon as she was settled and walked the half kilometer to Mama Adasha's. The store front was in a narrow, tall, rehabbed building of red brick. Drums and brightly patterned dresses filled the windows. Inside was dark, cool, and quiet. The store was shallow, with a few shelves holding small drums, bowls, foldered clothes, incense, and incense holders. There was a wooden counter at the back with an older Carribae woman, dressed in one of the bright dresses, sitting behind it. "May I help you find something?"

"Ah, probably not," I replied, turning to leave.

"How would you know, if you don't ask?"

"Your web page implied this was a vudahn shop, not an incense place."

"And we are, if you know enough to ask. Although," the woman replied, "You don't look like the regular vudahn practitioner."

"I'm not, but I have questions about, well, about things that, fiction, attributes to the practice."

"You want to know about zombies? We don't really do that."

"No, something that, something worse, oh, shit, never mind," I said, feeling silly and uncertain.

"Please, go ahead and ask. I promise not to snarl if it's one of the usual stupid questions."

"I think, that is, my aunt has supposedly had her soul stolen and I need to know if that's even possible."

"I see. Come with me, please," The woman motoned for me to follow her behind the counter ad through a door into the back of the shop. Here were the fetishes, plants, and other items I had expected to see in the front of the shop. At the very back was a small sitting area, little more than a low table and four deep arm chairs. One was occupied by a younger Carribae woman, about my age.

"Marta?" I asked.

"Sera? What brings you here?" Marta asked.

"You practice vudahn?" I asked, stunned.

"She doesn't really practice. I'm the priestess. Marta studies the older magics. The really dangerous knowledge, dealing with things Beyond the Veil."

"The Veil?" I asked.

"There is a veil of concensus that protects most of us. It keeps us from seeing the dangerous and nasty things that live in nightmares and tales of terror. Sometimes a thing will happen anda person will wake up to this other world. It is known as Tearing the Veil. What brings you to us, Sera?"

I slowly explained. Marta listened intently, with no sign of disbelief. When I finished Marta said, "Soul stealing isn't a vudahn practice. Suppression through drugs and magic, sometimes, but the cost to the practitioner is very high. However, there are ways to accomplish it. Souls can be extracted by powerful magic items, consumed by beings or very nasty spells, displaced through some types of extreme trauma, or swapped, suppressed, or hidden by some demonics that take over their hosts. I can't really answer your question without research and seeing your aunt, although the vortex should be a clue. Could I find you at the deli when I have more information?"

"I can give you my phone number."

"A place to meet would be better. These kinds of things shouldn't be talked about over unsecured phone lines."

"Unsecured phone lines? Marta, when did you start sounding like a spy thriller character?"

"After the Veil was torn. Not everyone who knows about the other world is friendly. Some are after power and control and it pays not to draw their attention," Marta replied.

"I'm at the deli during the day and the hospital at night, at least until visiting hours are over."

"I have a couple of questions before you go. You said your uncle found her, already collapsed. Were there any signs of a break-in or disturbance? Was anything out of place in the area?"

"I don't know. My uncle never said. I'll ask him later today. Do you know what the Cracks Between Worlds is all about?"

"I have an idea, but I'd rather not say until I am certain."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marta arrived at the deli just before I was done for the day. "Good timing. I was just getting ready to close. Give me twenty minuts to clean and lock up, then we can talk. Want anything while you wait?"

"Got time to make me the usual?"

"Of course," I replied. A few minutes later I slid an enormous Rueben sandwich in front of Marta and smiled as she dug in. Twenty minutes later I sat down and said, "Finished, now, what did you find?"

"I didn't find much on soul stealing exactly, however, I did find several mentions of soul merchants. They can find you a soul for any purpose you desire. Thing is, you have to know about them to find them. They don't come to you, you go to them. Which has the problemof figuring out where they are. The cracks in the world is easier. It refers to places that allow travel off a particular realm, or world. The travel is quite simple, find a gate and step through. It can be quite dangerous though, because you aren't always sure what waits on the other side."

"Is there a way to be certain my aunt's soul was stolen?"

"Possibly, but it would require that a friend and I visit your aunt. Would that be ok?"

"Yes. Shouldn't be hard to get you in. Tonight? I'm headed to the hospital soon for the night shift. I can call once my uncle has left."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I hurried to the hospital entrance whenMarta called. It took me a moment to recognize the other woman with the pure Nehtanese features of slightly up-turned almond eyes, long, thin face with very high cheek bones, narrow chin, and a wide mouth. She had three parallel scars from just below her right eye to the edge of her jaw. "Shan? You knoew about this stuff too? Is there anyone that come into the deli that doesn't know about the Veil?"

"Quite a few, I would image," Marta said.

"Leia and Talia also know. I think everyone else doesn't," Shan added.

"What do you need to do?"

"Not much, just let us see your aunt for a few minutes," Shan answered. They followed me back to the room, then Shan moved closer to the bed and stared down at my aunt. She stood motionless for a while, then shook herself slightly, "Something's been done to your aunt, but there's not enough here to say exactly what. Can I see where this happened?"

"I suppose. We live above the deli, although, it would be better if you came by tomorrow morning, after my uncle comes here. I think this would freak him out."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marta and Shan cam in after the morning rush, just like I had asked. At first, I was going to toss them the keys and stay downstairs, but curiosity go the better of me. I closed and locked the door and put up the sign saying I would be back in a little while. Then I led the way to our apartment.

"I'd like to go in first, if that's ok," Shan said. I nodded and passed her the keys. She moved in slowly, stoppoing just inside the door. Her face went slack and her eyes lost focus as she said, "There were three of them. One stayed to the side of the doo, the others waited in the kitchen. Elizabeta entered without looking to either side. She tossed her keys on the small table and started into the rest of the apartment. The one behind her grabbed her and held her tight. One from the kitchen touched a purplish, egg-shaped gem to the middle of her forehead. The third watched from the shadows. It was over quickly, with only a few convuksions before she went limp. The thieves faded out of the apartment."

I stared at her as Marta smiled beside me. "Yes, that's how it always works for her. She sees it, in some kind of a replay."

Shan walked further into the apartment, stopping in the large room beyond the kitchen. "That's all I can get. They didn't come any further in. I'm sorry, I can't tell you where they went," Shan said.

"What do I do now? How do we get her back?"

Marta stared for a moment, then asked, "You mentioned a vortex. Shan, do you know anything about that kind of thing?"

"Vortex?" Shan asked and I explained as best I could. "Do you think you could see it again? Try and get more detail from whatis at the end of it?"

"I can try tonight.Do you need to come along?"

"I think it would be better if we didn't distract you," Shan replied. "Can you call if you get aything and we can meet you at the hospital?"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"I just had a very disturbing conversation with a couple of hospital counselors," my uncle started, once I was in the room. "Someone sent then to talk me into unplugging Elizabeta. They were insistent in a disturbing, money and resource argument way. There was no compassion in their conversation at all. No concern for her or our beliefs, just pressure to turn off life support."

"That's insane! Did you complain?"

"Not yet. But you're right, I really should."

It took me until an hour before the end of visiting hours to calm down enough to look for the vortex again. There were fifteen minutes left of the last hour when I finally saw the vortex shimmer into view. Staring into it, I tried to force my view. That caused the vortex to fade. Frantically I fought to clear my mind and keep it clear long enough for it to return. With five minutes left, I reached out and touched her aunt's face. Images snapped into clarity. I was standing on a flat stretch of rock, staring into the shattered city. Looking at the jagged peaks beyond, I saw something that made no sense. It looked as if the horizon was curving up beyond the mountains.

My mind blanked for a moment and as it did my view rose, revealing the ruins were in a section of land, on the inside surface of a sphere. The view continued to shift upward until a hand on my shoulder slammed me back into my body.  I dropped to the floor, dizzy and disoriented. Above me I saw the face of Monica, the shift nurse. "Are you ok? What happened?"

"Uh, what, nothing, just zoned out until you startled me." I pushed myself to my feet and swayed against the bed. "Can I stand here for a minute? I think lack of sleep is catching up with me."

She helped me to the chair, saying, "I would feel better if you sat down until the dizziness passes. I'll check on you as soon as the other visitors have gone."

Monica returned fifteen minutes later wth a cup of water. "Drink this, then tell me how you are doing."

I sipped the water and levered myself out of the chair. "Look, I can stand now. Can I ask you a question? Do you know why the hospital would send people to talk my uncle into turning off life support?"

A flicker of distaste crossed her face before she spoke. "It's a newer thing, started just under a year ago. I think it has something to do with the insurance companies and cost reductions. In any case, it's been creeping out a lot of people since the representatives seem completely devoid of compassion."

"Would complaining help? I don't want them bothering my uncle again."

"No, it's a required thing for cases like your aunt. Now, I actually have to chase you out of here, sorry," Monica finished.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I called Marta once I was outside the hospital. We agreed to meet at the 3 Sisters Diner, which was open all night. Marta and Shan were already in a back booth when I walked in. I started to describe what I had seen but Shan shook her head, "How about a drink at the Underworld?"

I looked confused, but Marta nodded and said, "I'd love one. How about you, Sera?" I nodded slowly and followed them down the block and then down the stairs into the basement bar. t was a gothic dream, dimly lit by flickering flame lamps, with red, black , and dark wood walls. Pounding music filled the air and a fair crowd kept the staff busily circulating. Shan led the way through the throng to the back area and then into the kitchens. No one paid any attention as she turned into the left storage area.

She tapped a complicated pattern on the bricks of the far wall and it swung open to reveal a narrow passage. "What," I started to ask.

"We should talk somewhere safe," Marta replied. Shan led the way through several different sections of tunnel to another wall. Behind this one were stairs up. They opened out into a two story loft space. Along the far wall was a walled in section with two levels of rooms. The main area was divided into a couple of areas by furnishings. A kitchen was to the right, a sitting area was directly in front of us. Light was provided by a series of lights, hung from the cross-members supporting the walls.

"Where," I started to ask. Marta motioned for me to stay quiet while Shan waved a small antenae topped box around me.

"Please turn off your phone and put it in this," Shan said, pointing to a thick metal container near the closest chair. nce I had complied, she said, "There are too many people who want to listen in on these conversations. Now, you had something to tell us?"

I told them what I had seen. "Marta, could you get Talia?" Shan asked. Marta headed up the stairs to the upper rooms, returning a few minutes later with another regular patron of the deli.

Talia was as tall as Shan, with white-blonde hair, a Ruskala face, and willowy build. She smiled as she came up. "Seraphina, right?" I nodded as Shan asked that I repeat what I had told them.

"What do you think, Talia? Sound like the Discord to you?" Marta asked.

"I think it does. I don't know which one is the base for the Soul Merchants though."

"Can someone tell me what is going on?"

"Marta already told you about the Veil, right?" Talia asked. I nodded and she said, "The Veil is only the beginning. There are countless worlds, and countless permutations of the same world, in the multi-verse. At the center of everything is a place called Sphere. Sphere is just that, a large sphere, surrounding a sun-like point. On the inside of the sphere is an enormous city, filled with beings from any place in the multi-verse."

"Surrounding Sphere is another, larger sphere, called the Sphere of Concordant Discord. The inside of this sphere contains even more and larger areas belonging to various powerful groups and beings. The Soul Merchants have one such area on the Discord," Talia explained.

"You get to Sphere and the Discord through Gates, distortions in the fabric of pace-time that allow travel between places. It is possible to get to Sphere from any world in the multi-verse, either through an established Gate or by special devices. Getting to places in the Discord is a bit more variable, requiring knowing where a door to it is. It is possible to find a door to a realm in the Discord and then travel to the section you want, however, travel is extremely dangerous. It is better to travel directly to the desired place," Marta added.

"Do I understand correctly that you think my aunt's soul has been taken by these merchants and is being held by them? How do we get it back?"

"I don't know how to get it back," Marta said.

"The fact you can see an attachment between your aunt and her soul says you can. If that link is severed, then there is no hope," Talia said.

"Why would someone want to severe the link? There were two very strange men talking to my uncle, encouraging him to shut off life support."

"Could be any number of reasons. If they are working for the soul stealers, they could be getting moeny to reduce complexities. They could be local and trying to reduce connections to things beyoind the Veil," Talia said.

"Getting to Sphere is easy. We take you to the Mirror Souk and send you through the Gate. That gets you to the Great Souk in Sphere. After that, you will have to find out how to contact the Soul Merchants and what to trade for your aunt's soul," Marta added.

"Ghani, at The Asylum, might be able to help with that," Shan said. "She is Asylum Special Operations and has a good sense of what goes on in the area. I could take you through and introduce you. The real problem is how to get the soul back. The merchants aren't going to hand it over just because you show up. They'll want payment."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shan allowed me to call Inyasha and make arrangements for her to watch the deli for a few days. I chickened out and made her tell my uncle that I was going away for a while. The we were back in the tunnels long enough to emerge near the High St. subway station. Nine minutes later we arrived at the West 4th St. station and walked a couple of blocks to an up-scale market, called Arakov Market. Shan guided me in and to a side stair going down. It went deeper than where I would have imagined the basement to be and opened out into section of passages between brick walled store fronts. Farther down the main passage, it opened out into a small square, topped by a natural appearing cavern roof. People hurried about, dodging the cumps of others talking or eating things from the numerous food stalls that sat amid the other store fronts. "Welcome to the Mirror Souk. It's called that because it is based on the Grand Souk in Sphere. Come."

She led the way through a dizzying maze of passages until we cam to a very old, dark skinned woman, sitting in a tiny stall, surrounded by baubles and trinkets. Few people stopped at her space, yet she was smiling as we walked up. She was dressed in worn, colorful skirts, layered, short to long, a frilly silk blouse of blazing scarlet, and an emerald green vest hanging open over the blouse. Her hair was bone white and tangled in tight curls. Her hands were long and bony, but still graceful in their movements.</p>

Shan bowed to her and said, "Mama Ayeda, may my friend rent a token for Sphere?"

"Of course she me. And shan, it is not seemly that the web blessed bow to a humble gate keeper, remember?" Mama Ayeda replied, standing to bow deeply.

Shan turned red and muttered something I couldn't quite hear, but Mama Ayeda must have, because she laughed a rich, deep laugh of a woman half her apparent age. She reached into a box and produced a large bronze medallion, hanging from rainbow silk ribbons and handed it to me. " Here you are my dear. That will be two of this area's dollars." She cracefully accepted the cash and smiled as we walked away.

Shan led us to the end of the path beyond Mama Ayeda's, where a passage led deeper into the rock. It twisted around on itself and led down, ending in a chamber with a glowing, pulsing, swirling orb of multi-colored fog. Talia walked straight up to it and motioned toward it.

I stepped through first, experiencing a strange cold blast, the a mind-shattering dissociation, leaving me in a sunny courtyard, staring about, without the ability to identify or understand what was around me. Slowly it faded and I began to recognize thethings surrounding me as tall buildings, a tiny fountain sat in the center. Directly across from where I emerged was a wall of windows, looking into a shop selling beverages of some kind. I froze, terror clawing at me, as I took in the patrons beyond the window. Some I recognized as the stuff of nightmares and horror films, others were so grotesque or odd that my mind blanked at the sight of them.

Shan came through, smiling as she took everything in. "I love the Souk, but it does take getting used to. In Sphere, no one has to hide their true selves, unlike in many of the realms. The souk is a no comabt zone, so we will be safe." She motioned around, explaining, "The first door in the end wall, to the left, leads to the Neutral Zone, the Asylum run bar. The door next to it leads to the Asylum itself. Beside us is Rishkahn's Bakery and across the way is Myrathium Kavla, a kind of coffee shop. The short passage to our right leads out into a main thorofare of the souk."

I looked whwere she pointed ans saw, to my left, a two doors in a wall with darkened windows, to my right, a narrow passage led out into a swirling mass of beings, and behind me was a section of wall with a door to a bakery of some kind next to it. The sounds of hundreds of languages pounded my ears, while scents from exotic perfumes, food, spices, and other unknown items assaulted my nostrils. The tiny souk under the Arakov Market was nothing compared to what surrounded me.

"Ghani can be found this way," Shan said as she headed toward the door nearest the kavla shop.

She knocked on the door and waited until it was opened by a large man, dressed in leather armor. "May the asylum help you? Oh, Ms. Kilashandra, I didn't recognize you for a moment."

"It's ok, Gaareth. I have been a stranger of late. This is Seraphina. Is Ghani available? I need her expertise in a small matter."

"I shall get her. I think she is in the Neutral Zone at the moment. Make yourselves welcome." He snapped huge fingers and an elgant, scantily dressed young woman hurried up. "Myzrythythum, see that Ms. Kilashandra and her guest have anything they desire."

The girl dropped into a deep curtsy and said, "You may call me Myzr and your every desire is my command. Do you wish anything?"

"Kavla, please," Shan replied.

"The same, please," I replied. The girl bowed and hurried off.

"What is Kavla and why are they calling you Ms. Kilashandra?"

"Kavla is similar to coffee, only it has a spicier taste and a bit more of a kick.They call me that because my full name is Kilashandra, and they are very formal to one of my percieved staton. I can't convince them otherwise."
/* update - Sera is awakened to a kind of prescience by her journey through the gate - she will have to be taken to a null-room at the Asylum until she can get it under enough control to not go catatonic in the multi-verse */
/* RESPIN - remove all direct RotH refs and rename character from Seraphina - should hint at RotH but have no direct RotH details */
/* consider link through vortex connect between soul and merchants - remove Discord description and make more generic */

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

for arakov in the village - use Babbo addr to get close - 107 Waverly Pl New York
for Coventry Annex use addr

Seraphina

Seraphina stared down at Aunt Elizabeta, lying in the hospital bed, hooked up to tubes and wires. It had happened so quickly, she was still in shock. Uncled Arthur had come home late from work and found her, face up on the floor, eyes staring sightlessly at the ceiling. The paramedicas had found her breathing shallowly but otherwise unresponsive.

She had been pronounced brain dead at the hospital, but Uncle Arthur had refused to believe it and insisted on keeping her on life support. He spent every day at her side, reading to her and holding her hand. Seraphina would keep the deli open during the day and then head to the hospital, so her uncle could rest.

The third night after Aunt Elizabeta's collapse, Seraphina was again sitting beside her, reading from the current book. It was after a long day of working her other job and she was tired, finding her eyes drifting closed every few minutes. They had drifted closed for the fifth time in twenty minutes, but longer than before, almost into sleep, when a noise in he hall startled her awake again. As her eyes opened, she saw a swirling dark vortex where Aunt Elizabeta's face should have been.  It was hypnotic, pulling her gaze deep into itself and drawing her closer. The edge of the bed stopped her, jarring her slightly as she bumped it. For just a moment she saw a flicker of something, at the far depths, dark, forbidding, jagged mountains beyond a shattered city. Then it was gone and her aunt's face swam back into focus.

She stared at her aunt, trying to shake the flash, then slowly backed up until she hit the chair, sitting abruptly. She lifted the book to return to reading. The shock kept her awake for fifteen minutes, before her eyes started to droop again.

She was almost asleep when an older nurse shuffled into the room. Her hair was grey hair, pulled back into a neat bun. She wore an old style uniform of white long dress with crisp folds, a small cap and white, sturdy shoes. She didn't even glance at the chart, but came straight over and said, "You saw the vortex, didn't you?" Seraphina's eyes snapped open as she stared at the woman. "It's ok, I know you did. There's a feel about a sensitive and you have it."

"Wha, who are you?"

"It doesn't matter. Your aunt isn't brain dead. Her soul has been stolen. You'd be amazed at the price of a soul these days. Far more than when I was young, let me tell you." Except for the words, she sounded like someone's grandmother, talking about her prize cookies. "You have time to get it back, if you're clever enough to figure out how. Look for the cracks between worlds." The woman turned and started back toward the door.

"Wait!" Seraphina called, but the woman never slowed. Seraphina rose and hurried to the door, to find the corridor beyond empty. Only the shift nurse was in sight, seated at the desk near the elevators.

The shift nurse looked up as Seraphina slid to a halt. She stared at the young woman in heavy black boots, black jeans, black tank top, black hair, and multiple piercings in front of her. "Everything OK?"

"Where did the other nurse go? I need to talk to her."

"What other nurse? No one else is scheduled for this area."

"Older woman, grey hair, white uniform dress, and a white cap. She just came out of my aunt's room."

"Oh, that would be Nurse Ida. She's one of the more friendly of the resident ghosts. This is an old hospital and it has collected quite an assortment of staff and patient ghosts over the years. Did she actually talk to you? She rarely speaks."

Seraphina watched the woman carefully, trying to determine if she was joking, but her gaze and facial expression remained serious. "Ghosts? Actual ghosts?"

"Of course. Why not? We have a resident ghost guide that sends the really nasty ones on to their afterlife. The ones that stay are very nice."

Seraphina slowly returned to the room and collapsed back into her chair. She stared at Aunt Elizabeta for a long time, then pulled her tablet from her bag and started searching. Searches on Cracks Between Worlds and Soul Stealers returned many hits for movies, video games, and books, but nothing of relevence. Soul Stealing started to return some useful thoughts, but mostly around new age thought, crystal amulets, and depression.

One link was intriguing in its lack of information. It was to Mama Adasha's Garden, a source for Vudahn practitioners, and contained an address and hours of business. There were no glossy web catalogue pages or glowing testimonials, just a simple, single page for a shop in the Under Bridge area of Brushwick.

The store front was in a narrow, tall, rehabbed building of red brick. Drums and brightly patterned dresses filled the windows. Inside was dark, cool, and quiet. The store was shallow, with a few shelves holding small drums, bowls, foldered clothes, incense, and incense holders. There was a wooden counter at the back with an older Carribae woman, dressed in one of the bright dresses, sitting behind it. "May I help you find something?"

"Ah, probably not," Seraphina replied, turning to leave.

"How would you know, if you don't ask?"

"Your web page implied this was a vudahn shop, not an incense place."

"And we are, if you know enough to ask. Although," the woman replied, "You don't look like the regular vudahn practitioner."

"I'm not, but I have questions about, well, about things that, fiction, attributes to the practice."

"You want to know about zombies? We don't really do that."

"No, something that, something worse, oh, shit, never mind," Seraphina said, losing what nerve she had.

"Please, go ahead and ask. I promise not to snarl if it's one of the usual stupid questions."

"I think, that is, my aunt has supposedly had her soul stolen and I need to know if that's even possible."

"I see. Come with me, please," The woman guided Seraphina around the counter and through a door into the back of the shop. Here were the fetishes, plants, and other items she had expected to see in the front of the shop. At the very back was a small sitting area, little more than a low table and four deep arm chairs. One was occupied by a younger Carribae woman, maybe a year or two older than Seraphina.

"Marta?" Seraphina asked.

"Sera? What brings you here?" Marta asked.

Seraphina stared between the two in confusion. The older woman laughed and said, "I am a priestess, but Marta knows the old magic better than I ever will. If what you need to know has any connection to vudahn, Marta will know of it."

Seraphina launched into the story, hoping Marta would believe her. Marta listened intently, with no sign of disbelief. When Seraphina had finished she said, "Soul stealing isn't a vudahn practice. Suppression through drugs and magic, sometimes, but the cost to the practitioner is very high."

"Wait, you believe me?" Seraphina asked, startled that Marta seemed to accept everything she was told.

"And why wouldn't I? There is more to the world than the safe little shared halucination we agree on for daily life. The Veil was torn for you when Nurse Ida appeared and spoke to you."

I'm sorry to have troubled you. Would you know anyone who could tell me about stolen souls?," Seraphina said, rising.

"Wait. It is not possible with vudahn, but there are ways to accomplish it. Souls can be extracted by powerful magic items, consumed by beings or very nasty spells, displaced through some types of extreme trauma, or swapped, suppressed, or hidden by some demonics that take over their hosts. I can't really answer your question without a bit of research and seeing your aunt, although the vortex should be a clue. Could I find you at the deli when I have more information?"

"I can give you my phone number."

"A place to meet would be better. These kinds of things shouldn't be talked about over unsecured phone lines."

"Unsecured phone lines? Marta, when did you start sounding like a spy thriller character?"

"After the Veil was torn. Not everyone who knows about the other world is friendly. Some are after power and control and pays not to draw their attention," Marta replied.

"I'm at the deli during the day and the hospital at night."

"I have a couple of questions before you go. You said your uncle found her, already collapsed. Were there any signs of a break-in or disturbance? Was anything out of place in the area?"

"I don't know. My uncle never said. I'll ask him later today. Do you know what the Cracks Between Worlds is all about?"

"I have an idea, but I'd rather not say until I am certain."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marta arrived at the deli just before Seraphina was scheduled to close. The outside gaveno clue of the inside, being just another set of windows in a generic modern building. Inside it was all traditional with sausages hanging behind the counter, cases full of cheeses and salads, a bakery case with breads and cookies, and Seraphina behind the counter. She smiled when she saw Marta enter. "Good timing. I was just getting ready to close. Give me twenty minuts to clean and lock up, then we can talk. Want anything while you wait?"

"Got time to make me the usual?"

"Of course," Seraphina replied. A few minutes later she slid an enormous Rueben sandwich in front of Marta and smiled as she dug in. Twenty minutes later Seraphina sat down and said, "What did you find?"

"There wasn't much on soul stealing, but there are rumors of soul merchants, who can find you a soul for any purpose you desire. The customer has to go to them and they reside in something called the Concordant Discord. The cracks in the world is easier. It refers to places that allow travel off a particular realm, or world."

"Is there a way to be certain my aunt's soul was stolen?"

"Possibly, but it would require that a friend and I visit your aunt. Would that be ok?"

"Yes. Shouldn't be hard to get you in. Tonight? I'm headed to the hospital soon for the night shift."

"I'll call when we're ready."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

/* update - Sera has seen Shan at the deli as well - she knows she hangs with Marta and Talia, and is accainted with Leia */
Seraphina met Marta and another woman at the hospital entrance. It took her a moment to recognize the other woman with the pure Nehtanese features of slightly up-turned almond eyes, long, thin face with very high cheek bones, narrow chin, and a wide mouth. She had three parallel scars from just below her right eye to the edge of her jaw. "Shan? You knoe about this stuff too? Is there anyone that come into the deli that doesn't know about the Veil?"

"Quite a few, I would image," Marta said.

"What do you need to do?" Seraphina replied.

"Just this," Shan replied as she moved closer to the bed and stretched out her awareness. The traces were faint, but there. Something with a great deal of power had touched the woman in the bed. "Something's been done to your aunt, but there's not enough here to say exactly what. Can I see where this happened?"

"I suppose. We live above the deli, although, it would be better if you came by tomorrow morning, after my uncle comes here. I think this would freak him out."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Seraphina handed Marta her keys when they showed up at the deli. Half an hour later they came back down. "Sera, you were right, it was a soul stealing."

"What do I do now? How do we get her back? Wait, you said the vortex might be a clue."

"What vortex?" Shan asked and Seraphina described it to her. "Do you think you could see it again? Try and get more detail from whatis at the end of it?"

"Ican try tonight."

"Things I read say stolen souls are moved rather quickly. Is there a way you could look sooner?" Marta asked.

"The problem is someone to watch here while I am gone. We need the business. Although, I might be able to call in a favor with Inyasha, from the 3 Sisters. She's watched the place during last year's influenza outbreak, when all of us were down." She pulled out her phone and spoke into it for several minutes. Nodding as she closed it, "She'll be here in half an hour. Will you be coming with me?"

"I think it would be better if we didn't distract you," Shan replied.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It took Seraphina quite some talking to get her uncle to take a break. At last he left, with a promise to only be gone an hour and to check on the deli while getting lunch. Half the time was spent trying to let go of the nervousness of trying to get him to leave.

There were fifteen minutes left of her hour when she finally saw the vortex shimmer into view. Staring into it, she tried to force her view. That caused the vortex to fade. She fought to clear her mind and keep it clear long enough for it to return. With five minutes left, she desperately reached out and touched her aunt's face. Images snapped into clarity. She was standing on a flat stretch of rock, staring into the shattered city. Looking at the jagged peaks beyond, she saw something that made no sense. It looked as if a bit of forest curved up beyond the mountains, as if she were in a giant sphere.

Her mind blanked for a moment and as it did her view rose, revealing the ruins were in a section of land, on the inside surface of a sphere. Her view continued to shift upward until a hand on her shoulder slammed her back into her body. She crashed to the floor, staring up into the frightened eyes of her uncle. "Are you ok? What was going on? You looked like you were seeing nightmares."

"Uh, what, nothing, just zoned out," Seraphina tried to answer. She pushed herself to her feet. "Inyasha doing ok at the deli? I'm headed back to relieve her."

"She'sdoing fine. Are you sre you're ok?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Nothing, if you're sure..."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"That sounds like the Discord, the Sphere of Concordant Discord, which forms a shell around Sphere, the center of the multi-verse," Shan said after Seraphina described what she had seen through the vortex. "There would be a portal, somewhere in Sphere that would lead to that area. The trouble is figuring out where the portal might be."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





/* fragments - if needed */
Marta followed Seraphina to the front of the store. Once she had left, Marta told her aunt that she had to head home to research the problem. She returned to the back of the shop, opened a door behind the sitting area, and dscended to the basement. She pushed a seemingly random set of bricks and hurried down the tunnel to a well remembered location. There she tapped another set of bricks and walked up to the spacious loft she shared with her two roommates.

The loft was the top two stories of the building, with a large floor to roof, open area, containing a living area, kitchen, and dining area, separated by how they were grouped in the room. Across from the entry was an area where a second floor had been added and walls set to provide more privacy. The lower section contained a large shower, bathtub, and restroom section and her work room. The upper area was the main bedroom and a spare room for guests.

Marta waved at Shan, one of her roomates, where she sat on the couch, then hurried to her work area. Inside were shelves of books, scattered fetishes and items, a large table with various bottles, beakers, and bowls strewn casually about, and a desk with open books, large computer screen, and keyboard. She started pulling books from various locations and flipping through them. Each entry would lead to more books and more searching. After several hours, she looked up from the latest pages. On them were diagrams and notes on a crystaline box that could pull the soul from a person with just a touch.