On Thu, 20 Feb 2003 20:46:08 -0600, tadpol <tadpol@-tadpol.org> wrote:

>> you to? Hmmmm can anyone lese in the sysadmin/network admin/hardware
>> tech sort of lines of work confirm this as a constant?
>
>count another nemo here.
>
>--
>tadpol

"Count it as another constant that there is a mutual dislike between
Suits and SysAdmins/HackerGurus. Especially Banker Suits... even more
especially Banker Suits who don't want people to call them that."

The DedOne takes a drink of his favorite, then continued his miniature
rant,  "I've pissed my bosses off again after I complained they
charged me for 2 PTO days they did not let me take and didn't pay me
for.

"The fact that they did this same kind of thing to two other employees
who screamed louder than I did did not count. In fact I didn't scream
at all, I just made themistake of quietly telling my Dweeb Junior
Suit-wannabe boss  I didn't need to meet with HR as I understood the
rules [and how they tended to prove that the comapny did not have my
best interests at heart]

It being almost beside the point that a meeting with the VP of HR
would be a pointless excercise-- She thinks IT people are paid waaaay
too much and hates my guts too boot. I'm guessing its 'cos I make more
than she does which devalues her bright shiny VP plaque.

It made no difference that I told none of this to my co-workers--  I
was nominated by "the Suits" as the leader of the insurrection and
told [in a carefully orchestrated and scripted way-- to give my
co-workers who complained a bit of a shock] to go home and think about
whether I wanted to keep my job."

"So I walked back into the Data Center... and told my bosses boss [the
VP of IT] to lock my desktop and gave her my password [after all I was
working on a security project she had assigned to me and to which I
had given only myself and the VP of IT access. Then of course there
was all of the documentation on how the project was supposed to work
was open and on the screen].

The mouths of my co-workers dropped open in shock... they seemed to
think I had been fired. This of course as they were going into a
meeting with HR and the Suits over the PTO rules. Clever eh? What
makes it even more clever is that the Suit who called me in
'mistakenly' called one of my complaining co-workers who transfered
the call to me... As if he *wanted* my co-worker to know that it was
he that was calling me in."

"Now in retrospect, I can think of only two people smart enough to
come up with the script for this little charade. Neither one is in the
corporate offices. One is an outside 'Management Consultant' I have
never met but who is in the 'management training and motivational
leadership' business and the other is the VP of IT who has been with
the company for twenty years and knows where some of the bodies are
buried and how to throw select victims to the dogs if it fits her
agenda.

" First thing after I got home I called a friend who is a partner in
an IT consulting firm, he didn't have any openings but he has some
friends that do. So I talked him into looking around for me. After
thatI spent the weekend fuming and thinking how I could keep the job
long enough to line-up something else."

"Monday, at the end of a three hour one-on-one marathon with the chief
suit of my operational division, I was allowed the privilege of
keeping my job-- on the condition that no futher insurrections of any
kind from any party in my department occurred... *ever*... whether I
have any part of it or not..."

"oh and by the way I was told that my sucky attitude [brought on by
the sucky treatment the suits give the Network/Systems  team] had
better get straightened out or they will show me the door for that
too."

No SysAdmins have no use for Suits.

the ded on stopped aranting and turned to the old German barkeep,
"Ratz, give me one for the road... I gotta date with a server console
tomorrow so I gotta hang it up for the night..."

The Ded One slammed back the final drink and noticed the silver haired
lady as she walked back towards rune's table.

"Some people have all the luck... but Rune gets his share too..."

ded-T


In article <9vko5v8pd1uq92udl4utm8ambve17vqjlm@4ax.com>,
 ded-T <bogus@mail.com> wrote:

> The Ded One slammed back the final drink and noticed the silver haired
> lady as she walked back towards rune's table.
>
> "Some people have all the luck... but Rune gets his share too..."


tadpol drops himself down at the table where the old one ranted.  Waving
a waitress (er, or is that one a waiter?) to get a refill as the rant
closes, he turns back to the ded.  "Sysadmins never get enough for the
abuse they take.  Is why I got out of the line of work."  clearing the
last swallow from his glass, "Noone ever notices you until its broken,
and they never understand the need to fix any *before* it breaks."

With a half laugh as his eyes try to find out what is hold up his next
drink tadpol adds, "So I move into software design where I usually get
to sometimes be creative.  In between the times when I am explaining
that something will take four days - will take four days from when I
*start*, not from when I first said four days."  Tad drums his fingers a
bit as the waiter (uh, waitress?) returns with a puzzled look and a
drink. "Yeah I don't know either." tad tells the waitperson (definitly
human) "But its dark and fermented and not killing me instantly." and
takes a sip. "yep, same as what I had before.  oh well."

--
tadpol
- _ -

Snow looks over from her table and says, "Yeah, I know how it goes. Doesn't just hit IT though. I was hired as a consultant on a bit of technology by Ramer Batzel, something to do with their involvement in the Multinational Space Initiative. Well I shot my mouth off at the wrong time and got hijacked by their parent Corp, Ronin DigiTronics and put in charge of an infrastructure project. Not cuz I was management material or anything, but because I was from the outside and they figured they could use me as the puppet to get the work done. It wasn't bad at first, it's a delightful mix of programming and integration and quite challenging. The project was the darling of a couple high-ups and we got what we needed, but cuz we're infrastructure that changed as soon as the quarterlies went down. Now it's the usual - we're taking another of your team and moving up the go-live for the project anyway..."

She smiles bitterly and sighs, "Ah well..." Then she downs the last of her drink and motions to the approaching wait-person. "Another please."


