cummybear006:
 ::pours you a drink...hands it to you, laudanum still dripping from the spoon::


tell me more

AG:
 Mmmm laudanum! My second favorite.

Well you see my mother and I fought like....

Oh wait, maybe that's not what you want to know more about?


cummybear006:
everything and anything...I've got all the time in the world...well until 12:30 anyway...then this class I'm in is over...but do go on...

AG:
 ::sips drink and leans back...::

where was I, oh yes, we fought like cats over almost everything, except dad. She could keep him, he was wound way too tight about everything, and would rant ceaselessly about it at the dinner table....that's when I first dreamt of escape.

It was just another night of over-cooked food and conversational rants when my mind just slipped away to a dark city alley. Brick and stone buildings soared skyward all around me. A fitful breeze puffed crumbled paper and wrappers around my feet. In the distance I could hear the pounding beat of an industrial band throbbing through the falling night.

cummybear006:
 ::tops the drinks off:: i must here more... stlaker


AG:
I turned toward the sound, drawn like a moth to a flame. Age oozed from the walls around me as I walked. My boots created echoed footsteps in the still night. Strangely there were now sounds of cars or trucks.

Just before the alley ended warm yellow light spilled out of a cellar door and illuminated steps down. Above the worn stone steps was a flickering neon sign spelling out Dans Macabre. For a moment I stopped to savor the sound and the night, then I skipped down the stairs.

Inside the club was a swirl of dancing bodies, pounding sound, and strobing lights. The frustrations of life fled, pounded out by the throbbing pulse. I stepped...

"Tabitha, are you paying attention?" My mom's shrill voice crashed through the vision and slammed me back to the dining room table. A sharp hiss escaped as I clamped my teeth shut to not scream at her.

I can continue this later - right now the day job intrudes...
hope you like.

cummybear006:
 and i do...  your drink will be waiting... 

New to Add:
"Yeah stupid, can't you ever pay attention?" Brad chimed in.

"Brad, be nice to your sister," mom said back.

He smirked at me as he said, "Sure mom."

"Are we all done here? I was trying to tell you something..." dad's voice cut over everyone else.

I rolled my eyes and replied meekly, "Yeah da." Soon he was back in full rant. I tried to escape again but it didn't work. I tried again later when I was in my room listening to gothic rock through my cheap CD walkman. If I put it on the boom box the rest of the house would complain.

Most of the night was restless sleep. Seemed like every time I woke up maybe an hour had passed at the most. It wasn't until after four that I slipped into better sleep. At long last I was back in the alley again, closer to Dans Macabre this time. A quick few steps brought me once more to the worn steps. This time I skipped down them without any hesitation.

Inside jostled and bounced against each other as each one tried to find room to dance. Soon I was bouncing and crashing along with the rest.

Idly I scanned the crowd as I danced. None of the faces really stood out until my glance passed over a woman in a far corner. Her face snapped into sharp focus as she looked at me. Her face was angular and striking, framed by a riotous tangle of dark red hair. She was dressed in some type of gothic garb, but I barely noticed. What captivated me were her eyes. For a moment everything else faded to a blur and all I saw were her intense grey eyes.

The alarm clocked jarred me awake. I rose, groggy and confused. Daily I cursed the grant that made it possible to attend university but not leave home.

"You look trashy as always," Brad commented as a I slumped into a chair in the kitchen.

"Brad, don't say that to her. Tabitha, are you going to wear that? Don't you have any normal clothes? And you take a coat, it's still winter out there."

I sat and silently ate the wall paper paste oatmeal that passed for breakfast, stood, and hurried out the door. "Terry's picking me up. We have to study before classes." It wasn't really true, we were going to hang and check out the wild life on campus before class, but it got me out of the house faster.

Terry rolled up in her huge, smoking metal monster as I reached the street. It was some early sixties behemoth that belched, smoked, and groaned it's way along, but when she stepped on the gas it went like a crazy.

"Spiting the parents again?" she asked as she took in my torn off tank top, tall black boots with the shiny metal buckles, and ripped up Levis. "Won't you be cold?"

"Yeah, but it's worth it." The cold wind that sprung up seemed a perfect counter-point to Terry's question. Overhead cold grey clouds shifted restlessly, uncertain whether to drop snow or rain.

We pulled out and headed for the university. As we approached the bridge over the old railroad cutting a car shot out of the other lane to swerve around the delivery truck approaching the other side of the bridge. Desperately Terry swerved. We bounced over the sidewalk and down into the cutting. Blackness followed a terrific shrieking crash.

----------------------------------

Kali leaned back in the driver's chair of Leopardess as the giant steam locomotive thundered on through the Void. Out side stars flashed by as inside the screaming violin and thundering bass of Love's Bitch competed with the rhythm of the locomotive.

Kali was howling out the lyrics along with the lead singer when the comm light flashed. Her hand flashed to the pause button and the music stopped. "Kali."

"Heya," Merris voice purred through the com.

"Heya lover, what's the what?" Kali purred back.

"I need you to divert on your way back. There's a new recruit I need you to pick up. I know how much you like this, but she's alone and will be waking before I could get anyone else there."

"Ok." Kali's mouth twisted down in irritation.

"Your enthusiasm knows no limits I see. There will be a switch in five minutes. The branch will take you there. Let me know when you're ready to come back. I'll see you when you get here!"

"Ok, I'll see you on the way back." A wide smile replaced the frown as she killed the connection. The pause button came off and music thundered once more.

Twenty minutes later Kali settled onto the destination section of track. She slowed Leopardess as she rounded the bend. There, to the right of the tracks, a huddled shape lay face down in the dead leaves and grass. Ten feet back was a twist hulk of metal that might have been a car in the past. Leafless trees kept silent vigil. Except for the sprawled shapelessness of the body the girl might have just been sleeping.

Kali eased the train to a stop and climbed down to the rail bed. Crumbling ballast and rotting sleepers revealed the desolation of this piece of track. A chill wind just stirred the dead grass. Slowly she approached the body. She settled into a crouch next to it. Unable to remain still she looked at the body of the woman before her. She gave a startled gasp as she realized she had seen her before.

A strange shudder passed through the body as a faint white mist oozed from the open eyes. Slowly it swirled and clotted together until a shadow-rendering of the dead girl formed. Echoes of the wounds that killed her slowly faded from vivid, to dull, and then disappeared completely. As the last one disappeared the girl's eyes opened.

------------------------------------

Slowly I awoke. I was so cold. In front of me a strange woman crouched, staring up at me with a sad look. Pain echoed dimly through my head and neck and faded as I shivered in the wind. I tried to speak, but couldn't. "Shhh, take your time. It takes a few minutes before you can speak."

Her words created panic where she meant them to calm. I struggled to say anything, finally whimpering, "Cold, so cold." I looked into her eyes and froze. Intense grey eyes peered back at me from the face in my dream. "You...who are you?"

"I'm Kali. It's ok. You'll be ok soon."

"What's that supposed to mean?" A memory flashed then. The car, the bridge, the truck...

"Terry?" I tried to scream it, but it came out a harsh whisper.

"She was in the car?"

"Yes, where is she? Who are you? Where's the ambulance?"

"The ambulance isn't here yet. You won't be needing it though. Neither will your friend."

I turned and saw the car, or what was left of it. There was a shattered hole in the windscreen where I had been sitting. I thought I saw something in the other seat. A strangled sob escaped as I quickly turned away. The sight of myself on the ground froze me in mid-turn. "Wha..wha..."

"I am afraid you both died. Your friend has gone on ahead. You have more choices than she did."

"Choices? Where did she go?" I shouted as I collapsed to the ground. Great shuddering sobs wracked through me. A hesitant hand settled on my shoulder. I threw myself into the stranger's arms and cried.

She softly stroked my hair until the worst of it passed. "She went to a good place. It's ok."

"Choices?"

"You dreamed of Dans Macabre, didn't you?"

I pulled away from her. The momentary warmth washed away in a river of ice. "How did you know about that?" I blurted before thinking.

"I saw you. You touched Eternia because Eternia would like your help." I started to edge away. She held up her hand and I was frozen in place, "You will need to choose your afterlife. Please hear me out. The souls of living things are cared for by the various gods and goddesses of the universe. The created works, the beauty that makes each race unique, this the gods don't care about. Eternia is a place created to rescue, preserve, and pass on the beauty created by sentience." She paused and leaned back, "Make sense so far?"

I sat still for long moments until I realized she was waiting for me. I nodded slowly.

"Your choice is this. You may go on to the afterlife you believe in," she stopped as I shuddered. The religion of my upbringing would treat me harshly. "Or you can journey to Eternia and help in the work. You will remain until you choose to leave, or until you die. Some afterlives will allow people touched by Eternia to enter, others will not. There are disadvantages. You will not see the ones who have gone to an afterlife.And the worst one, if you die while part of Eternia it is the final death. Your soul ends. So, if you believed in reincarnation that ends."

"So, go to hell or go to this place? I'll take Eternia for a thousand please."

That got a grin from her. A moment later her head twitched to the side, like a cat listening to something in the distance. "We need to go. I'd like to be gone before the ambulance arrives."

"Why? They won't be able to see us." I replied in a knowing voice before I saw the amused smile on her face.

"It's actually quite a bit more complicated than that. And I really don't want to explain standing here, so..." she motioned toward the railroad behind me. Crouching on the track was the largest steam locomotive I had ever seen. It panted quietly like a giant beast, just waiting to be turned loose. Behind it sat a small parade of oddly decorated carriages and wagons. Each one gleamed with gilding and paint, calling up visions of the circus trains of long ago.

She smiled when she caught my stare. "Beautiful isn't she?" She leapt up to the lowest rung of the ladder into the cab and held down a hand to help me up. "Be welcome aboard the Death City Railroad, lady..."

"Tabitha," I replied hesitantly.

"Welcome Lady Tabitha and Blessed Be. Now to get going..." Her hand reached out and stabbed a button. Pounding beats erupted into the cab as her hands performed a complicated dance on various levers and valves. Slowly we began to claw our way down the track.

Fascinated I looked around at gleaming levers, multicolored valves, gauges, and my...I was going to save rescuer, but rescuer from what? She was a site herself, tall, with a dancer's body. Her hair was even more wild and tangled than it had been in my dream. Her grey eyes were warm now, like autumn sunlight on gathering clouds. She crouched and moved with the giant locomotive as if they were one. A great satisfied cat smile split her face and made her more pretty than imposing.

I tore my eyes from her long enough to look out the side of the cab. Beyond the windows was a dark blue, fading into black. By the time I had gotten closer I could see black emptiness punctuated by pinpoints of light. Looking down I saw the earth falling away bellow. A panicked shriek tore it's way from me and startled the woman.

"Beautiful view isn't it?"

"Uh, what, how, uh, uh..."

"The magic of Eternia. This is how we travel. It's pretty weird the first few times. You get used to it after a while. Gotta tell you though, wait until you see the entrance to Eternia. The Portal is so alien that this will seem mundane by comparison."

