It was just another night of over-cooked food and conversational rants when my mind just slipped away to a dark city alley. Brick and stone buildings soared skyward all around me. A fitful breeze puffed crumbled paper and wrappers around my feet. In the distance I could hear the pounding beat of an industrial band throbbing through the falling night.

I turned toward the sound, drawn like a moth to a flame. Age oozed from the walls around me as I walked. My boots created echoed footsteps in the narrow alley. Strangely there were no sounds of cars or trucks.

Just before the alley ended warm yellow light spilled out of a cellar door and illuminated steps down. Above the worn stone steps was a flickering neon sign spelling out Dans Macabre. For a moment I stopped to savor the sound and the night, then I skipped down the stairs.

Inside the club was a swirl of dancing bodies, pounding sound, and strobing lights. The frustrations of life fled, pounded out by the throbbing pulse. I stepped...

"Tabitha, are you paying attention?" My mom's shrill voice crashed through the vision and slammed me back to the dining room table. A sharp hiss escaped as I clamped my teeth shut to not scream at her.

"Yeah stupid, can't you ever pay attention?" Brad chimed in.

"Brad, be nice to your sister," mom said back.

He smirked at me as he said, "Sure mom."

"Are we all done here? I was trying to tell you something..." dad's voice cut over everyone else.

I rolled my eyes and replied meekly, "Yeah da." Soon he was back in full rant. I tried to escape again but it didn't work. I tried again later when I was in my room listening to gothic rock through my cheap CD walkman. If I put it on the boom box the rest of the house would complain.

Most of the night was restless sleep. Seemed like every time I woke up maybe an hour had passed at the most. It wasn't until after four that I slipped into better sleep. At long last I was back in the alley again, closer to Dans Macabre this time. A quick few steps brought me once more to the worn steps. This time I skipped down them without any hesitation.

I was caught up in a surging tide of bodies as soon as I stepped through the door. Jostling and bouncing off each other they swayed to the pulsing sound. Caught up I closed my eyes and danced along with them.

Once I caught the rhythm I scanned the crowd as I danced. None of the faces really stood out until my glance passed over a woman in a far corner. She was dancing a routine to the thundering beats. The dancers near her had drawn back enough to watch the intricate beauty of her movements.

When the music faded down to change she emerged from her trance and looked around, surprised at the sea of faces watching her. Her face snapped into sharp focus as she looked at me. Her face was angular and striking, framed by a riotous tangle of dark red hair. She was dressed in some type of gothic garb, but I barely noticed. What captivated me were her eyes. For a moment everything else faded to a blur and all I saw were her intense grey eyes.

The alarm clocked jarred me awake. I rose, groggy and confused. Daily I cursed the grant that made it possible to attend university but not leave home.

"You look trashy as always," Brad commented as a I slumped into a chair in the kitchen.

"Brad, don't say that to her. Tabitha, are you going to wear that? Don't you have any normal clothes? And you take a coat, it's still winter out there."

I sat and silently ate the wall paper paste oatmeal that passed for breakfast, stood, and hurried out the door. "Terry's picking me up. We have to study before classes." It wasn't really true, we were going to hang and check out the wild life on campus before class, but it got me out of the house faster.

Terry rolled up in her huge, smoking metal monster as I reached the street. It was some early sixties behemoth that belched, smoked, and groaned it's way along, but when she stepped on the gas it went like crazy.

"Spiting the parents again?" she asked as she took in my torn off tank top, tall black boots with the shiny metal buckles, and ripped up Levis. "Won't you be cold?"

"Yeah, but it's worth it." The cold wind that sprung up seemed a perfect counter-point to Terry's question. Overhead cold grey clouds shifted restlessly, uncertain whether to drop snow or rain.

We pulled out and headed for the university. As we approached the bridge over the old railroad cutting a car shot out from behind the approaching delivery truck. Desperately Terry swerved. We bounced over the sidewalk and down into the cutting. Blackness followed a terrific shrieking crash.

----------------------------------

Searing pain woke me but faded so fast I wasn't certain it was real. Through the fog in front of my eyes I saw a strange woman crouched, staring up at me with a sad look. Shivering in the wind I tried to speak, but couldn't. "Shhh, take your time. It takes a few minutes before you can speak."

Her words created panic where she meant them to calm. I struggled to say anything, finally whimpering, "Cold, so cold." As my vision slowly cleared I looked into her intense grey eyes and froze. Peering back at me was the face from my dream. "You..." It came out in an almost silent whisper.

"Me. I thought I recognized you even though..." she stopped abruptly. "I'm Kali. It's ok. You'll be ok soon."

"What's that supposed to mean?" A memory flashed then. The car, the bridge, the truck...

"Terry?" I tried to scream it, but it came out a harsh whisper.

"She was in the car?"

"Yes, where is she? Where's the ambulance? What's going on??"

"The ambulance isn't here yet. You won't be needing it though. Neither will your friend."

I turned and saw the car, or what was left of it. There was a shattered hole in the windscreen where I had been sitting. I thought I saw something in the other seat. A strangled sob escaped as I quickly turned away, not wanting to see any more. The sight of myself on the ground froze me in mid-turn. "Wha..wha..."

"I am afraid you both died. Your friend has gone on ahead. You have more choices than she did."

"Choices? Where did she go?" I whimpered as I collapsed to the ground. Great shuddering sobs wracked me. A hesitant hand settled on my shoulder. I threw myself into the stranger's arms and cried.

She softly stroked my hair until the worst of it passed. "She went to a good place. It's ok."

"Choices?"

"You dreamed of Dans Macabre, didn't you? I saw you. You touched Eternia because Eternia would like your help." I started to edge away. She held up her hand and I was frozen in place, "I am sorry to hold you like this. However you need to choose your afterlife before I can let you go. Please hear me out. The souls of living things are cared for by the various gods and goddesses of the universe. The created works, the beauty that makes each race unique, this the gods don't care about. Eternia is a place created to rescue, preserve, and pass on the beauty created by sentience." She paused and leaned back, "Make sense so far?"

I sat still for long moments until I realized she was waiting for me. I nodded slowly.

"You have a choice. You may go on to the afterlife you believe in," she stopped as I shuddered. The religion of my upbringing would treat me harshly. "Or you can journey to Eternia and help in the work. You will remain until you choose to leave, or until you die. Some afterlives will allow people touched by Eternia to enter, others will not. There are disadvantages. You will not see the ones who have gone to an afterlife.And the worst one, if you die while part of Eternia it is the final death. Your soul ends. So, if you believed in reincarnation that ends."

"So, go to hell or go to this place? I'll take Eternia for a thousand please."

That got a grin from her. A moment later her head twitched to the side, like a cat listening to something in the distance. "We need to go. I'd like to be gone before the ambulance arrives."

"Why? They won't be able to see us." I replied in a knowing voice before I saw the amused smile on her face.

"It's actually quite a bit more complicated than that. And I really don't want to explain standing here, so..." she motioned toward the railroad behind me. Crouching on the track was the largest steam locomotive I had ever seen. It panted quietly like a giant beast, just waiting to be turned loose. Behind it sat a small parade of oddly decorated carriages and wagons. Each one gleamed with gilding and paint, calling up visions of the circus trains of long ago.

She smiled when she caught my stare. "Beautiful isn't she?" She leapt up to the lowest rung of the ladder into the cab and held down a hand to help me up. "Be welcome aboard the Death City Railroad, lady..."

"Tabitha," I replied hesitantly.

"Welcome Lady Tabitha and Blessed Be. Now to get going..." Her hand reached out and stabbed a button. Pounding beats erupted into the cab as her hands performed a complicated dance on various levers and valves. Slowly we began to claw our way down the track. She snaked a headset off the tangle of valves and planted it firmly on her head.

Fascinated I looked around at gleaming levers, multicolored valves, gauges, and my...I was going to say rescuer, but rescuer from what? She was a sight herself, tall, with a dancer's body. Her hair was even more wild and tangled than it had been in my dream. Her grey eyes were warm now, like autumn sunlight on gathering clouds. She crouched and moved with the giant locomotive as if they were one. A great satisfied cat smile split her face and made her more pretty than imposing.

I tore my eyes from her long enough to look out the side of the cab. Beyond the windows was a dark blue, fading into black. By the time I had gotten closer I could see black emptiness punctuated by pinpoints of light. Looking down I saw the earth falling away bellow. A panicked shriek tore it's way from me and startled the woman.

"Wicked view isn't it?"

"Uh, what, how, uh, uh..."

"The magic of Eternia. This is how we travel. It's pretty weird the first few times. You get used to it after a while. Gotta tell you though, wait until you see the entrance to Eternia. The Portal is so alien that this will seem mundane by comparison." Kali turned her attention back to the gauges and spoke a few words into the com. "We will need to make a stop on the way back to Eternia. You won't have to do anything other than remain on the train."

"Shouldn't I start helping out? Never too soon as my father would often say."

"The main mission of Eternia is what I told you before. There was a truce of neutrality between Eternia and the gods and demons of the sentient lives. Recently that has changed. The crew of this train goes in and protects the regular missions when they are attacked. I'd advise sitting this one out. There will be plenty more times to help." She turned back to watching the track in front of us.

A few minutes later a blonde man stepped from a narrow passage at the back of the cab. "Ok boss, I'm here. Time for you to go to work."

"Sure, sure, you just try not to crash my train. Allen, this is Tabitha, the pickup Merris sent us on. Tabitha, this is Allen. He is another driver and a member of this misfit crew."

"Misfits? Takes one to know one doesn't it, boss? Besides, I drive better than you and you know it."

"Yeah, yeah, but Leopardess likes me best. I'm her mommy after all. Merris has us cleared through and all the switches should be set. I'll go do the danger dance and get everyone pumped up. Give us the usual warnings for arrival." She turned my way, "Come on, I'll show you a bit more of the train and introduce you to the crew."

Kali turned sideways and hunched down to slip through a narrow arched passageway of diamond plate steel. It might have been five feet tall and a foot and a half across. "This isn't a standard thing, but I hated not being able to get from the locomotive back to the rest of the train except by climbing over the tender. The wind is something fierce."

I followed her silently to the connecting umbilical between the end of the tender and the first car.

We stepped into a dining car. People were clustered around papers and diagrams scattered on several of the tables. Half full coffee cups held things down and added brown stains to the wrinkled pages. "Oh shit, look busy, the boss is here," a thin woman called.

"Shut up Nat, she's already seen you," a tall red headed man snickered.

"Shut up Mishka, she already knows I'm a slacker. Just wait till I tell her about the mess you made in supplies."

I watched Kali, expecting her to erupt like my father would have. Instead she was almost doubled over with laughter. "Ok, listen up you wankers, this is Tabitha. She's a guest so be on your best behavior. If you can remember what that was. Tabitha, this is the crew." She rattled off names of which I remembered seven. "As you can tell we are really informal here."

I bit back my father's statement about discipline, and smiled instead, "Happy to meet all of you."

"Grab a seat anywhere and you can see what we do." She turned to the hecklers and said, "Nat, what do you have?"

"Ok. At first look it seems pretty standard. Mostly surface recoveries with only a few basements and pits. On a closer look though we have an extensive group of basements and tunnels linking in to where the team is working. Plenty of places for mouse-holing and sniper action."

"Mishka?"

"Based on Nat's analysis we need to concentrate on the underground areas first. If we can hold them back there it will take less effort to protect the surface crews as well. Also, since there are so few of us, the fewer points we need to hold, the better." He motioned Kali over to the table and pointed to several places on the plans. "If we can contain them at these points we have a good chance of holding them off long enough for the teams to finish and get clear. How long until we arrive boss?"

"Two hours. Enough time to get ready, go over the diagrams one last time, and psych up to kick ass!"

"It was strange to watch. I had expected her to do a 'rah-rah sheer' kind of thing to pump them up. Instead she walked around joking and laughing with each of them. When the com sounded and she announced, "Down in half an hour," no one seemed the slightest bit nervous.

We settled down into a barren, wind swept scene of greys and blacks. High overhead a bright white sun shone down. Dust swirled and puffed in a fitful wind through broken buildings and tilted paving. In the distance groups of figures struggled to move large pieces or carefully entered gaping doorways.

The train stopped moving near the center of the existing activity. Everyone rose and dashed out through the far door. Moments later I saw them outside the train running toward various locations. They disappeared into several dark openings while the others continued their various activities.

Kali continued walking toward a largest group of workers. On the table a spare com gave out a bit of sound. I grabbed it and planted it on my head. Kali's voice came through as she argued with someone. "We can give you maybe half an hour to wrap up and get clear." Another voice spoke, then Kali again, "No, this is a definite. Dementia saw this one." Soon the cluster had split up. People scattered to the other groups and everywhere activity increased rapidly. After fifteen minutes the crews started to cluster back at another train nearby.

About the same time I heard, "Here they come," through the com. The sharp sounds of weapons fire erupted through the com, intercut with screams and cries of pain. Another voice shouted, "There's too many."

"Where are you?" Kali asked.

"Point one," came the reply.

"On my way..." Outside Kali ran for a large pit. She launched herself into it and disappeared. Through the com I could hear her heavy breathing as she ran toward one of the groups. I grabbed at the stack of drawings and pawed through them until I found a 'point one' label. A strange movement caught my eye as I started to look away. On the plans a small black blot was moving. Watching carefully I saw it move down one corridor and turn into a second one heading toward the marked position on the map. "What?" I gasped out in surprise.

"Who said that?" Kali asked.

"Uh, sorry, I did, uh Tabitha. I didn't know the com was live."

"What do you see?"

"There's movement on your map. A clot of darkness ,uh two, no one corridor to the left of point one."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, what..."

"Later, I'll explain later. Watch it, tell me if it changes direction. Mishka, mouse-hole, now. The rest of you, get ready." Seconds later a sharp explosion ripped through the headset, followed immediately by rapid weapons fire. On the plan the little black blob slowly disapated. "Do you see anything else, Tabitha?" Kali asked.

"No. It's gone now."