Anastasia and her team were on the way back from a simple extraction when they passed near a thriving Realm. A siren song called to her from the surface. Before she realized what she was doing she began her descent.

It was a dark grey night when they dropped onto the empty stretch of track. One of those nights that could be almost any time of year except summer. They track was part of a small rail yard in the middle of a residential area of a small city. Ahead of them a figure in a long black duster with a weathered forest green backpack was walking along the tracks. Anastasia automatically slowed the train as they came up on them. Without a word the figure stopped and turned toward the tracks. As the engine slowed to a stop she walked to the ladder up and silently waited.

After a minute Anastasia opened the cab door and called down, "What would you like?"

Silently she held up a pad of paper. On it was written, "I request a ride on the Death City Metro. I enter of my own free will. My name is not important."

All thought of asking her name fled as Anastasia read the words and replied, "Enter and be welcome...then." Anastasia was able to get a better look at the woman as she climbed into the cab. Faded was the first word that came to mind. Her black leather duster was worn and old. She wore faded olive cammo pants and a dusty rose T-shirt. Her eyes were a washed out blue, her hair no-color brown, and she was thin and ordinary. It would be very hard to pick her out of a crowd. Silently she stepped over to the spare jump seat, stuffed the notepad into her pack sack, and settled in. Anastasia opened her mouth to start a conversation to fill the silence but when she turned to the woman the words froze on her tongue. The woman sat wrapped in a stillness so complete she could not intrude.

The woman remained silent and immobile as the train climbed away from the world and into the void. Her complete disinterest puzzled Anastasia. Most newcomers expressed some reaction to the leaving of a world. This woman looked once, then turned and remained immobile.

It wasn't until the train neared the Portal that the woman stood swiftly and moved to the window. Her eyes moved until she was staring directly into the Portal before Anastasia could issue any sort of warning. For the briefest moment she seemed to shimmer and shift in the same pattern as the Portal. It was so quick Anastasia couldn't be sure she had really seen it. "It's not a good idea to stare to long into the Portal. It's too easy to get lost in it," Anastasia warned.

The woman turned to look at Anastasia and for the briefest moment the Portal shimmered where her eyes should have been. Her lips twitched in an almost smile as her eyes returned. Her head swiveled back to staring at the Portal. Unnerved, Anastasia concentrated on driving.

In the instant the train entered the Portal the figure tilted her head back and seemed to drink it in. On the other side she twitched her head, almost like a cat settling its fur after a wind. She spun and returned to the jump seat, where she pulled out her pad once more. She wrote rapidly for a moment, then stood.

Anastasia began to slow for the station until the woman swiftly crossed to her and placed the notepad in her line of sight. "She has forgotten. There is no reason to stop," was written on it. She returned to the jump seat and settled back into her stillness. Anastasia released the brakes with a shaking hand.

The woman didn't stir again until the train neared Central Station. She wrote briefly on her notepad as the train slowed. When the locomotive came to a stop at the platform she stood and turned the pad to Anastasia. "Thank you," was all it said. Silently she climbed down, darted swiftly across the platform, keeping to as many shadows as possible, and disappeared into the station.
