Pain exploded in SnowDancer’s head as the hut systems painted a bright red dot into the status display. Instantly it expanded to show the power systems and a red blotch where the backup power unit had been. Next the warning, “Jump Unstable – Drives Offline – Jump Abort-Terminated” flashed as a deep gong echoed through the room around her. The very air rippled and shimmered as even more pain flashed through her, this time as if her entire being was being pulled apart, atom by atom. The pain crescendoed into liquid fire, then cut off as she lost consciousness.

Consciousness returned slowly, leaving in its wake a persistent headache. With it came a silence deeper than any she had experienced in many, many years. She peered into it, realizing that Kara’s presence was missing. Panic surged through her as she feared Kara was dead. It faded quickly as she realized Kara’s presence was quiet, not silent. Snow pushed herself to her feet flipped back the ornate rug she had been sitting on. Up came the hatch in the hardwood floor underneath and then she was sliding down the ladder to the cross-corridor. She almost dropped on Krystyl who was just reaching for the lowest rungs of the ladder. Krys’s dark olive complexion was a sickly greenish and her eyes were glassy. She began speaking before Snow could even get a word out, “Kara and Will took the full blast of the explosion and Kyira took a nasty hit too. They were running routine checks on the auxiliary power systems when it exploded. The auto-repair spells and systems don’t seem to be coping with the damage.”

“How is Kara? Kyira? Will?”

“Same thing. I was able to heal some of their injuries, but they’re still comatose. Shan and I have moved them into room zero. I don’t know what else to do…”

“I don’t either. Regular healing doesn’t work with us linked into this thing. Looks like Shan’s right, entropy is catching up to us.” She leaned against the wall as a surge of dizziness pulsed through her. A quick glance showed Krystyl leaning against the other wall. For a moment she focused inward again and checked the hut status displays. “Looks like primary power is severely depleted too. Guess we’d better find out where we are…” Snow turned and headed back up the ladder. Krystyl followed along close behind.

They emerged back into the main control area. It would be hard for an outsider to recognize it as such. The room was octagonal and paneled in oak. A large mirror dominated the wall across from the only door into the room. An ornate woven rug lay in a heap where Snow had thrown it when she opened the hatch. Above the center of the room a one meter dish of a purple crystal hung suspended. Its open side was pointed down at the floor below and motes of light danced within its structure.

Snow concentrated for a moment, causing a picture to form on the mirror. It revealed a dirty, narrow alley. Featureless walls bordered it on two sides. Concentrating a bit more she panned the view to show they were near one of the walls. Dark, brooding buildings rose from either side. Immediately to one side of them was a large metal container. Another thought command from Snow brought a faint pulse of pain to both of them. “There, I hope it isn’t too odd for two of those metal boxes to be sitting near each other. Tyana, could you check local conditions?”

“Local gravity and atmosphere are acceptable. There is a bit more oxygen in the mix and gravity will be a bit heavier. There is a lot of EM radiation and the air has elevated levels of various organic toxins. Long term exposure will incur risk, especially with the auto-repair systems not functioning. The EM traffic appears to contain large amounts of data, shall I attempt to interpret?”

“Please, and keep me updated.”


ChatAlt – Valen inserted into alt.cyberpunk.chatsubo – interact with 2 who know of ken stone and puma

>Something drags the slaver back into the bar. It's Rune.

>>"Somebody mention Puma?" he says, scanning the room, finding Krikl.

A woman turns from the bar and limps toward Rune and Manimensh. She is around 5 ft 4, with silver hair left long and braided. There are lines around her eyes and mouth, leaving her looking neither old nor young. Her olive drab flight suit is worn and tattered and she carries a dark drink in her left hand. As she draws near the table she executes a faint bow. She speaks quietly, “Please pardon my intrusion, but I heard you talking of Neko and Visage.”
 “I also enjoyed both Puma and ISON, and I also had a few moments of confusion realizing they were about the same woman. I have been scanning Ken’s web site periodically hoping to find more stories written. Alas I find plenty of fantastic art, but no new stories. I am really curious about what happened to Dyne and how his relationship to Neko changed over time. Especially after the changes that occurred in Neko…”
“I’m glad Rune percieved him right. That is the way I saw him also. The romantic in my soul very much wanted him to survive, even though he took himself to his own end.” Unshed tears glisten in her eyes as she joins the toast, “To Visage”
“It is a very strange thing to be ripped from your own place and dropped unsuspecting into another…” She pauses, seeing again places from her past, then shakes her head and takes a long pull from her drink. “I probably should intrude no longer…” She turns to leave…

/* message sent to Rune and Manimensh email addresses */
Date: Fri, 10 Apr 1998 12:46:03 -0700 (Pacific Daylight Time)
From: SnowDancer <koriana@u.washington.edu>
To: Joel Benford <joel@netcomuk.co.uk>,
    Mark A Williams <mw6b+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: help@alt.cyberpunk.chatsubo


do multi-author scenarios still occur on alt.cyberpunk.chatsubo?

i would be interested in one using the character i just posted
through...my concept is nebulous right now - she is seeking an obscure bit
of cyberware or technology, either to fix/upgrade her own 'ware, or to fix
a piece of technology she is using...does any of this sound interesting
enough to work from? or should i just jump in with the Changeling thread?

kori
koriana@u.washington.edu
SnowDncr@oz.net

http://www.oz.net/~snowdncr

A committee is a cul-de-sac down which ideas are lured and then quietly
strangled.  (Sir Barnett Cochs)


/* next segment – posted __ april */
>"I probably should intrude no longer..." She turns to leave...
His head snaps up from his musing, "nice to meet you..."  He finishes,
and sits down to ponder a long knife he has strapped to his belt,
absentmindedly rubbing the matching scar on his stomach.  Spoils of
battle.

She turns back for a moment, “I am obviously new here…if you have time later I would not mind a bit of conversation…” 

/*  posted 15 april 98 */
>> lately, I'd love to hear a good story, even tell you some of mine if ya wanta
>> listen, but well...."

For a while SnowDancer has looked like she was somewhere else, only her eyes were tracking, seeming to register the movements of others in the bar without being consciously aware. Suddenly her eyes clear as she turns and smiles in his direction, “I’ve been told I listen well. Over the years I’ve learned a bit about telling a story or two also..”

>> He trails off, voice loosing itself in the room, eyes questioning.
>>
>> spike

>"Wanna know more, consult your local library," he says, handing her the paper.
>

I’ll do that, once I have a bit of a problem taken care of…

>"Nowadays I do freelance.  Some corporate work, some shadow work.  It
>pays the bills.  You got something you want done?  I can mod
>pre-existing stuff, or I can build something from scratch."
>
>"So that's my story.  What's yours?" he asks, eyeing the flight-suit.
>
>-rune- 

She sets her drink down on the table then turns away long enough to snag a chair and drag it over. Carefully she positions it so she can watch most of the room and then she sits down. “Mine is somewhat long. I would first like to ask a small bit or aid… I have arrived here from a place VERY far away and thus I have no Ident Card, or whatever it is or called here, and no standard credit, money, exchange device, medium, again whatever the standard is. What is considered exchangeable items here for buying a drink? I have a few stamped pieces of various metals, and some polished mineral objects, if those work…”
She pauses for a moment, then continues, “What sort of Ident stuff am I required to have in this domain?”

After another pull from her rapidly dwindling drink she begins, “I come from a world named Icicle, a very cold place on the edge of Alliance space. At this point I couldn’t tell you where or when that is in relation to where we are right now.” Once again she pauses to consider  how best to proceed. “I fear this could be very long…how would you like to hear it? I can try to do the reader’s digest condensed version, or go with the long form…. Or…” A lopsided grin crosses her face, “I can do the really short form, which is only a few steps up from – I was born, I grew up, I aged, then I approached death…” 

Her eyes unfocus for a minute, then she continues, "The short form of my life - on Icicle I escaped from an abusive father, masqueraded as my dead best friend, had half my brain replaced with a cyberware implant when an enemy of my best friend tried to kill me, joined the Alliance Security Service, prevented a planet-wide riot, became disillusioned with the Security Service, clawed my way up the political ladder using the training from the Security Service, became empress, was deposed by my son, fled on a space freighter with a woman who later became a good friend – and then it started to get weird. Our ship suffered a hyperdrive malfunction and threw us out in another space-time where technology was a ting of the past and magic was the order of the day. Our ship was destroyed and a powerful sorceress bound us into an artifact of her design, then tossed us back into the realm between ‘real’ dimensions. We’ve been bouncing around for a while now…” Her gaze settles briefly on each of the others at the table as she finishes her drink. “It has been a long, weird ride. I’m not sure I believe it all, and I lived through it…” 

She looks down at the flight suit and for a moment her eyes unfocus, "This became my favorite style of clothing on the star freighter. I've not found anthing better since..."

/* cross-over post 1 – Shandi enters, SnowDancer sends her after maelyn */

SnowDancer glanced up as the door opened once more. In stepped a thin looking woman with curly blonde hair. Her face wore a vacant little half smile, but her eyes looked like doors into the pits of hell. Moving with a swift cat-like grace she glided over to the table where SnowDancer was seated. Leaning close to SnowDancer’s ear she spoke softly. Her broken, jerky voice was just audible to the others seated at the table. “Tyana figured datastream. Jack-in possible, beware – datastream fast, rocky – she wonder hard-link better than sat-link…ask you find out.” Her words emerged stilted and bitten off, as if her voice wais seldom used. For a few moments her face held a look of presence while she spoke, then lapsed back into the vacant half smile when she was finished.
 
SnowDancer nodded once then quietly replied, “Understood. A girl left here moments ago, just after a cute, but menacing kind of guy had spoken to her. He was the usual type – trying to appear pleasant while only interested in getting what he wanted. I couldn’t tell what was exchanged, so don’t know if there is anything really going on. She just reminds me of someone I knew a very long time ago. If you could discretely make sure she arrives unmolested at her destination? I believe I heard her say her name was Maelyn. Then let Tyana know I got the message.” She proceeded to describe the girl that she had noticed and the man who had been talking with her. “And Shan, don’t attract attention, we don’t know the rules here yet.”

“OK,” Shan replied in a light, little girl kind of voice. As she turned from the table she pulled a small vial from a side pocket of her jeans and downed it. The aroma of extremely strong coffee and mint drifted briefly past the table.  She then turned and glided back out the door


The woman named Shan paused outside the Chatsubo and made a quick scan of her surroundings. The girl Maelyn wasn’t hard to spot. She was moving somewhat carefully down the street, but not with the level of paranoia some might have employed. As Shan moved the vacant look faded from her face, to be replaced with a grin of satisfaction. Her senses came alive as her danger sense swept the seemingly empty street for dangers to her target.


/* 17 april 98 */
>"Don't worry" says a quiet smmooth voice, "the droid's here and you're 
>safe now, no charge..I'm just glad we've got some new faces in the 
>Chatsubo especially one a pretty as yours...buy you a drink just for
>showing up and keeping this place alive??..don't want the old haunt 
>getting empty, makes it harder to blend in.."

“A drink would be wonderful. The Guinness was good but I think I’d like something with a lot more kick this time. I’m open to suggestions for something good…”
  
>>"OK," Shan replied in a light, little girl kind of voice. As she turned
>>from the table she pulled a small vial from a side pocket of her jeans
>>and downed it. The aroma of extremely strong coffee and mint drifted briefly
>>past the table.  She then turned and glided back out the door.

>   Any chance I could get one of those, SnowDancer?

“It’s just extra strength coffee, no threat unless you are caffeine sensitive. I believe it’s called ‘turkish’ or something like that. For her it’s made with 5 tablespoons coffee powder for each cup of water. Then add lots of honey and mint, until it becomes thick…” She reaches into a pocket of her flight suit and pulls out a vial and hands it to the ‘droid. “Enjoy!” She salutes him with her drink, then downs the last of it. 

/* - posted 21 april 98 -*/
R>Looking down at her drink, Rune gives a small mental shrug, pushes the
R>nuyen accross the table.  "You want a drink, take that.  It'll buy you a
R>couple, if your tastes aren't too exotic."

‘D>"Well I think I can manage a strong wiskey if you're up for hit, here 
‘D>try this says" the droid passing over a silver flask covered in runes.

“Sounds good – I’ll buy you drinks as soon as I convert some of my resources to nuyen. Right now I think I’ll have another guinness – and a shot, if you don’t mind, ‘droid? Um, do you go get it for yourself, or flag down someone?”

R>Rune listens to the story of her life with growing disbelief--like the Oddysey.

S>> "It has been a long, weird ride. I'm not sure I believe it all, and I
S>> lived through it..."
R>Rune looks down at the table, swishing his beer around in its glass. 
R>Like the Oddysey, indeed.

R>"'Vexed the dim sea.  I am become a name/ For always roaming with a
R>hungry heart/ Much I have seen and known--cities of men/  And manners,
R>climates, councils, governments...'" Rune recites, glancing at her
R>flight suit, decision suddenly made.

R>"I believe you.  You definitely aren't Local...and neither is _that_,"
R>he says, pointing to the patch on her flight suit.  A patch covered with
R>writing that noone on earth had ever seen before...
  
“Ah, I hadn’t noticed that yet…it says Ghost Wind – we are grey, we stand between darkness and light.” She points to the emblem around which the words wrap. Looking closely reveals it to be a candle flame and a star field. “This was supposed to symbolize hope in the night. Pretty idealistic for the cynic who had ruled Alliance space, isn’t it? (it actually was Kara’s idea.) Anyway, before the hyperdrive problems we were trying to fight back against the coup, and the creatures that had been released to help with it. There is a race of beings whose only purpose is to enslave and consume anything in their path that is not them. We are valuable as food or slaves, nothing more. As part of the coup they were released from their containment zone.” Her gaze focuses on the distance for a while, “Much later, after a bounce into the distant future of my time, I found out the resistance was only marginally successful. They dispersed enough of us that the Razaks never did manage to wipe out the other races, but the multi-planet alliance didn’t survive either. Most worlds returned to being alone.”

R>"You might want to add a little body armor," he says, opening his
R>much-abused leather jacket to show the bullet-proof lining, "This zips
R>out to make a light vest.  It's a rough neighborhood."

R>"So you're here.  Now what?" Rune asks, looking at her over the rim of
R>his glass as he takes a long pull off his beer.

“A couple of things first, I guess… Sell enough stuff to get some armor and weapons, then I need to find someone good with cyberware implants. The device we are bound to protects us well enough but Shan says we aren’t safe from entropy at some level. There are parts of my systems that aren’t working as well as they used to and I need to have them worked on. There are some upgrades I would like to add also. And we also need replacement parts for our device, it is suffering similar problems…”

‘D>Shan should try some, might help her relax some and realise she's safe around me, ‘D>I'm a healer not a fighter, fighting is easy, it's healing that harder. Kinda like ‘D>hacking is easy, making something truel secure is a much harder challenge..."

Snow’s look turns sad at the mention of Shan. “She is a puzzling one. We rescued her on one of the Fringe Worlds. We’ve been able to figure out she was used as a revenge object by a being called ‘Aztol’. Seems Aztol had been inconvenienced by Shan’s father and decided she would make the perfect revenge. Aztol captured her and hacked her biochemistry in some obscure ways. It seems like it involved combining one or more different DNA sequences with hers. She is the fastest being I have ever encountered, but it has warped her mind in many ways. She is only ‘awake’ or present when she is in a highly threatening situation, or if she’s strung out on heavy stimulants. The turkish coffee is the absolute minimum that seems to work. Most times she functions as if she were totally brain dead. If you point her and tell her to do something, she will do it, as long as it isn’t complicated at all. Even when she’s wired up, she has serious trouble forming thoughts into words. She can do a bit better with signing. The weirdest part is she’s a kick-ass sorceress, though. She says she can see the patterns of magic in things, and from what I’ve seen her do – I would have to agree.”

‘D>Well since I'm down to 40 per cent efficieny right now (anything above 
‘D>20 is not consider life threatening), I might try some. Seem to have 
‘D>picked up a virus somewhere, feel kinda funny.. 

She hands him one of the vials containing the thick, dark liquid. “Will you be alright? Do you need any help? Tyana is good with systems code, would she be off any use?”

/* - posted 22 April 98 – part of changeling thread - */
>I don't remember being hit.  That'll teach me for daydreaming.  All I
>remember is my left shoulder exploding when something came down on me.  At
>least, it felt like an explosion.  Probably just the impact.  I guess I'm
>easy to sneak up on.

Shan saw two shadows break away from a recessed doorway and close in on Maelyn. For a moment longer she watched to see if the girl would notice them or react at all. When she didn’t, Shan made her move. The actions of the pair slowed as she rapid closed with them. Half way there, Maelyn was going down from a punch to the shoulder and back. 

>I floored face-down in a greasy puddle, but I'd managed to get my hands in
>front of me last minute to break the fall.  Still, I lost my breath when I
>hit.  I tried to roll and kick out like Xack had told me, but I think my
>foot just kind of flailed in the air.  Bruce Lee I ain't, obviously.  I
>tried to catch my heartbeat in the blur of overhead neon, but the stink of
>being so close to the asphalt made my head swim.

Three-quarters there, Maelyn hit the pavement and the larger shadow moved to stand over her.

>I was too disoriented to do anything more than open my eyes and stare
>stupidly at the big guy and his bitch standing over me.  I just barely made
>out that he was demanding money over the ringing in my ears, but it still
>didn't register.  The throbbing in my shoulder took most of my attention.
>It was all I could focus on to keep the darkness at the edge of my vision.

>It wasn't enough.  I'm not tough or armoured like the others back there.
>The darkness fell over me like a blanket, real soothing.  I'm guessing
>that's the point where I passed out...

Arrival, the large shadow demanded money in a male sounding voice while the woman brought some type of pistol like object to bear on Maelyn.

Shan’s left hand flashed out and closed on the weapon, twisting until she heard bones snap and the object come loose from the woman’s grasp. The woman’s gasp alerted the man and he began to turn. His momentum added to the already impressive speed of Shan’s hand as her diamond hard nails tore through his light neck armor as if it were paper. There was the skree of tearing metal followed by a wet gurgling tear as his throat came out in her hand. His blood splashed on her hand and into Maelyn’s face, drawing a small moan from her.

Shan spun back to the woman and smiled, asking conversationally, “What you want with my friend? You want to play now?” the woman turned and ran. For a moment Shan almost pursued, until another groan brought her attention back to Maelyn. Her hand dropped to her belt, grabbed one of her throwing stars, and let fly. The running figure dropped soundlessly with it embedded in the back of her neck. 

Even as the star flew toward it’s target Shan was already crouching down to check on the girl. Finding no reason not to move her she picked her up and carried her into a dark alcove just a bit farther up the street. She quickly checked Maelyn over for serious damage and, finding none, settled back to watch and wait for her to regain consciousness. A quick trip back to the man provided her with cloth to clean most of the blood off herself and Maelyn. While she was there she emptied his pockets and found nothing.

Another quick check of Maelyn and then she moved to the other body. Swiftly she recovered her throwing star, then performed a quick but thorough search of the body. There was nothing on it either, except it appeared too well groomed to be a street thug. The clothes under the rough jacket were clean and in good repair. The woman herself was clean and well groomed. Her hands were not callused enough for physical labor and she appeared to have been in good health. 

The exposed nature of their position kept her awake while she waited. She took a couple of moments to activate a link back to Tyana. “Heya, it’s Shan. Gave Snow message. She told me to back up woman named Maelyn. There has been trouble. We are both ok. Tell Snow something’s going on. There was an attack, but players weren’t what they seemed. I’ll call if need help. Back in a bit…”

A few people passed by on the street, each one scanning the alcove. Every one of them gave it a wide berth. Finally Maelyn awoke. Gently Shan asked, “You have someplace safe to go? I can help you get there if you like… or I could take you to place I know is safe…” 

/* - 23 April 98 – changeling thread - */
Maelyn tried to push herself back up, moaned and dropped back down. When she tried again Shan reached out and helped her up, steadying her as she swayed on her feet.

>I caught one body out of the corner of my eye, and turned to the blonde one.
>"Fancy.  But why me?  If you want the chip, you can bloody have it."  I
>fished around in my pocket to pull it out...

Shan looked puzzled, “You ok? What chip? Asked protect you, favor to friend. Nothing said about chip…That what they want?” Shan continued to scan the street as they talked. Several moving shapes across the street caught her attention. “Someone interested my handy work, best we leave now. Otherwise more trouble.” She positioned herself to be between Maelyn and the movement she’d seen, then helped her start moving in the direction she’d been going. “You call – your place, my place? Best decide soon.” As she spoke she dropped a knife into her hand and Maelyn felt Shan’s muscles tense slightly where Shan was steadying her. “I Shandi, Shan to friends. Friend SnowDancer ask me protect you. You Maelyn?” Shan picked up the pace somewhat, a cheerful smile formed on her face as she said quietly, “If attacked, drop, roll out of way. Don’t be hero.”

They continued down the street, Shan grinning in anticipation. At the next cross street the shadows turned up it and moved away. Shan’s happy smile faded as they moved away. As quickly as possible they made their way through the night…


/* - 5/6 may 98
D> No problem, I'm programmed to protect. If you need anyone to shield 
D>  you I'm always help even if not at 100%. By the way, nice smile...

She blushes slightly at the compliment. "Um…thanx…"

R>"Sorry about vanishing like that.  I was kind of under some time
R>pressure with that crypto chip, " he says, sheepishly, "So where were
R>we?"

"No problems!" SnowDancer replied to Rune with a smile. "I was off and away myself there for a while. It took quite a bit of effort to get a sufficient local interface for full data transfer. Tyana uploaded one of my journal files as a test record, thinking it would be amusing. Of course, since she didn't ask me about it, she got the wrong one, and she posted under Valen, a name I haven't gone by in quite some time. The correct part is now there. It started as my attempt to deal with everything I've seen. I work on it from time to time when I have slack time, and when I need to try and understand…" She shakes her head a little, shaking loose some of the spider webs of thought wrapping through her awareness. "Excuse me a moment…time for another drink…and to ask Ratz? about a good fence."


/* - next segment to post - */
She stands and makes her way to the bar. "Excuse me, Ratz isn't it?"

"Yes. May I help you?"

"I would like a shot of Icicle Freeze and a Guinness. And the name of a good money changer, jeweler, something like that… I am not certain of the local name for it. Someone who would be able to tell me the relative worth of various metals and mineral crystals I have, and then convert those to local..uh…nuyen?"

"I don't recognize this 'Icicle Freeze' of which you speak. No legit business would touch your items unless you can prove clear ownership of them. Some gems and such are not hard, metals on the other hand…gold and silver especially, are only legal in a few specialized forms." Ratz replied as he pushed the Guinness across the bar.

"Aren't there are others who might help?"

"I imagine there are, but I certainly wouldn't know of them. I am a legitimate business owner."

"Of course you are. You do have an interesting cross section of clientelle though. Then there is the matter of the shooting that occurred earlier. Why haven't you reported that to the proper authorities? This is a bar, people talk about all sorts of things. Perhaps you've accidentally over-heard something?"

After a long pause he replied, "Well, I have heard through the rumor mill that A'Brecht Loan and Pawn might bend some of the proof of ownership regs once in a while… He is said to be an unpleasant sort of person though. I wouldn't look to be treated nicely by him…" He provided detailed directions to the small store front A'Brecht used, then placed her Guinness on the bar. She handed over a bit of the nuyen from Rune and returned to the table.

/* begin arranging to sell/trade some of her stuff for armor and operating expenses */

/* - 7 MAY 98 CHANGELING - */
M>"Well, lead the way.  We can talk once I can get this blood out of my eye".

Shan quickly scanned the roads around her, then began a tight loop back toward the Chatsubo. Coming up on it from a side street she paused then turned down the narrow back street. Swiftly she made her way to the bank of refuse containers lined up on the other side. Her eyes were constantly scanning the alley while her ears strained to hear any sounds not fitting into the background.

She paused between two large dumpsters for several seconds then slipped in between them and turned to the one on the left. A faint click sounded and then she was motioning for Maelyn to follow her into the dark doorway in the side of the dumpster. "I not hurt you. Be safe here. Can clean up."

/* - new Valen segment – right after getting drinks - */
Snow was quiet for a long time, sipping her drink and staring off into the distance. Finally with a shake of her head she finished her Guinness and stood. “Things are getting worse, system problems are increasing. I guess it's time to go get some cash, and maybe some armor.” Her face hardened and slipped into a mask not a lot more friendly than Shan’s as she turned and headed toward the door.

Outside, in the parking area for the chatsubo, she stood for a few moments. The night sounds and smells washed over her. Signs flashed in the distance, lighted windows painted pictures on the surrounding buildings and the scents of burned fuels drifted on the slight damp breeze. She allowed her senses to shift slightly, then waited while her systems identified background electrical sources. After a glance back at the Chatsubo she moved down the street in the direction of A’Brecht’s shop.

She moved with purpose, relying on her attitude to carry her through. Unfamiliar sounds kept her adrenaline cranked up high, yet she held herself as if she hadn’t a worry in the world. A couple of times she passed others going about their own business. A couple of them had slowed to check her out until she smiled a cold, predatory smile at them. Then they kept right on moving.

A few streets down and one over brought her to the inset front of the shop. Iron grillwork separated the windows from the street and a heavy ornate ironwork outer door stood open, but ready to be closed if needed. As Snow approached the building she saw the entry was alive with sensors and scanning equipment, just waiting to reveal a visitor’s every detail to those already within. 

/* - next changeling segment - waiting for reply from AM - give it until tomorrow (27 may 98 )*/

Shan moves through the doorway and into a short granite tunnel. At the far end is a curtain of intricate beadwork. From beyond it come the sounds of quiet conversation and the unmistakable sounds of eastern music. As Maelyn enters the tunnel the door closes quietly behind her. As it clicks home all sound from outside disappears. Shan, noticing her expression of fear hastens to reassure her, "It not locked. We not like distractions. Come meet others." She slips through the curtain and waits.

Maelyn follows her into a room far too large to be contained in a dumpster. The room is a series of long alcoves branching from a central court. There are seven of the alcoves, each two levels high and filled with real books. Some are bound in paper, others in leather and various other types of skins. There are even a few stacks of parchment or papyrus pressed between wooden planks. In the court a sculpture of large, twined cobras spit water into a waiting pool. Sunlight, filtered through ornamental gratings filters down onto flower beds and benches. Shan leads her over to one of the benches where two women are seated. She points to the brown haired younger one and says, "This Lynn, she techno." Then she points to the other one. She is taller and thin, with dark skin and black hair. Her eyes are in constant motion, watching everything, yet she seems relaxed. "This Krystyl, she warrior."

Lynn looks up and smiles, "I bet you wonder what is going on here. This is a transdimensional construct. This allows it to be bigger inside than out by a spacial/dimensional translation effect. Right now the entrance is camouflaged as you saw on your way in. It functions as a combination of a hyperdrive engine anomaly and a magical construct. It is a hybrid of technology and something I don't understand at all, although I think it could be done with either medium alone. Anyway, we are here to acquire repair parts and systems. V..ah…SnowDancer asked us to provide you with a safe place. I expect she'll explain more once she gets back, although you are free to leave any time if you feel trapped or uncomfortable. Snow wanted to make sure you were safe. Shan will show you where you can clean up."

Shan motions her down the next wing to the left of where they had entered. Beyond the curtain is another short corridor ending in a heavy oak door. Beyond it is an enormous bathroom and washing area. "Join us when done." She says as she walks back out of the room.

/* - next neko segment - */
Snow was quiet for a long time, sipping her drink and staring off into the distance. Finally with a shake of her head she finished her Guinness and stood, looking first at Rune, then at 'droid. “Things are getting worse, system problems are increasing. I guess it's time to go get some cash, and maybe some armor.” Her face hardened and slipped into a mask not a lot more friendly than Shan’s as she turned and headed toward the door.

Outside, in the parking area for the Chatsubo, she stood for a few moments. The night sounds and smells washed over her. Signs flashed in the distance, lighted windows painted pictures on the surrounding buildings and the scents of burned fuels drifted on the slight damp breeze. She allowed her senses to shift slightly, then waited while her systems identified background electrical sources. After a glance back at the Chatsubo she moved down the street in the direction of A’Brecht’s shop.

She moved with purpose, relying on her attitude to carry her through. Unfamiliar sounds kept her adrenaline cranked up high, yet she held herself as if she hadn’t a worry in the world. A couple of times she passed others going about their own business. A couple of them had slowed to check her out until she smiled a cold, predatory smile at them. Then they kept right on moving.

A few streets down and one over brought her to the inset front of the shop. Iron grillwork separated the windows from the street and a heavy ornate ironwork outer door stood open, but ready to be closed if needed. As Snow approached the building she saw the entry was alive with sensors and scanning equipment, just waiting to reveal a visitor’s every detail to those already within. 

She waited in front of the shop for almost an hour, watching the electronic patterns change whenever someone went in. Without knowing what they were carrying and concealing it told her little about the abilities and mechanisms of the sensors. Finally she decided to mask everything and let A'Brecht, or whomever, make what they would of her masked self. She began moving toward the door, then thought again and remembered the warnings she's gotten at the Chatsubo about armor and weapons. With a twisted little smile she stepped back into the shadows and keyed back to her home. "Tyana, could you ask Shan to join me? If she's back yet?"

Tyana's voice came back, sounding somewhat distracted, "She got in a little while ago. I'll send her right over." Snow relayed the street location where she was and then leaned back against the cold stone wall to wait.

"Snow, I there soon. What up?"

"I'm going to exchange some currency and figured I might need some assistance. We'll be masked so they'll probably think us easy marks. Be ready…"

"Cool! Let's play!"

As soon as Shan arrived they stepped out across the street and into the sensor field. Concentrating to the point of almost stumbling, Snow held the sensor field absolutely still as they walked into the shop. Once inside she was able to slack her concentration slightly.

A tall scrawny man looked her up and down as they entered, then said, "A little far from the safety of the enclaves aren't you?"

Snow smiled sweetly at him and answered, "Whatever. You came recommended as someone who could handle discreet cash trades. Is that true?" Shan's eyes roamed the small shop, taking in the heavy wire cage between the man and them. Knives gleamed bright behind a reinforced counter. Guns and launchers of various forms hung from every exposed surface. A small clothes rack to the left held various sets of body armor.

/* - piece the next - 19 june 98  - */
Snow glanced back as the man's eyes swiveled back to the door. She grinned and sketched a slight bow to the figure entering. "Heya!" Over the comm link she said to Shan, "This is Rune, a friend from the Chatsubo."

Shan turned slightly, sketched a small bow of her own and said, "Saw you   bar. Pleased." 

The man stared at her a moment, then turned back to Snow. "what is this, a fucking convention?"

"So, manners are extra then?"

"Fuck it, enclaver. You come here slummin' what you expect? Someone to wipe your ass? You gonna trade or no?" He spit out of a face gone cold.

"Trade it is. How much nuyen for these?" Snow produced a small pile of gold necklaces and bracelets with various gemstones attached.

"Momma's jewelry? 50." Snow silently added another small hand-full to the pile. "75."

"We seem to have a difference of opinion here." She turned to Rune and asked, "Excuse me sir, what do you think these gold and emerald 'trinkets' should fetch? I believe this … being? … is attempting to cheat me." She shot him a conspiratorial wink that was not visible to the man behind the counter. Once more on her comm channel she asked, "Tyana, can you get anything about a place/person named A'Brecht? I need it as quickly as possible."

/* - 22 june 98 - */
[Snow]
>"We seem to have a difference of opinion here." She turned to Rune and
>asked, "Excuse me sir, what do you think these gold and emerald 'trinkets'
>should fetch? I believe this ...  being? ...  is attempting to cheat me."
>She shot him a conspiratorial wink that was not visible to the man behind
>the counter.

R>"Cripes," Rune says, looking down at the pile and trying to hide his
R>surprise, "If those aren't stolen, lady, the Finn'll give you ten times
R>that for 'em."

R>"Maybe more," he mutters, looking at a particularly splendid silver
R>ring, set with a starred sapphire.  His eyes refocus then, looking
R>through the glass counter, around the cheap chinese knockoff guns, to
R>spot A'brecht's clenched fists.  

Snow grins back at Rune, "Kind of what I thought…metals and stones usually have value, at least in most of the places I've been. And no, they are not stolen…" She turns a very cold gaze back at A'Brecht.

R>"What, you think because she's a 'burber she's stupid?" Rune felt a
R>vague unease.  That was exactly what A'Brecht thought.  Snow had given
R>him a situation that looked like a major score, and Rune was stealing it
R>away.  Blood had been shed for far less in Chiba.

[Eshlaini]
>You asking Rune about prices, hon?"  Eshlaini asked through a wry grin.
> "He'll tell ya what those're worth - has an eye for spotting the
>expensive stuff, he does.  

Shan gave a quick, twitch of a look at the newcomer and then turned back to watching A'Brecht. Snow turned a bit more and watched in amusement as Rune and the newcomer bantered back and forth.

R>"Only because I always wanted what I couldn't afford.  Hiya, 'Laini," he
R>said, half turning.

[Eshlaini]
>"Damn.  Had to come across the whole world to see someone who used to be
>practically next door.  Ya _know_ I'd buy you a Guinness, but you know
>I'm broke too, hon."

R>"Maybe I'll buy _you_ one," he said, then, under his breath, "We can
R>drink to second chances."

[Eshlaini]
>"Watch out, SnowDancer.  This one's got deep pockets
>and they're chock fulla nasty tricks.  

R>"What, me?" he said, full of mock innocence.

"Nasty tricks are always a good thing." Snow threw in.

R>"Ask around, I'm harmless," he said, quietly wrapping his left hand
R>around one of those nasty tricks, just in case.

>Eshlaini extends her hand.  "Rune??"
R>He takes her hand in his, and, on a whim, bends down quickly to kiss it.

R>"Good to see you again, 'Laini," he says.

R>Then, turning back to A'Brecht, now clearly outmatched, "Oh, you're
R>still here.  Why don't you just give the ladies a reasonable sum for
R>their baubles so we can all get back to the 'Chat for a nice cold beer?"

Shan had never taken her eyes off A'Brecht who was starting to look really twitchy with this many people in the shop. He spoke, "Fucking party…" hoping to mask his subtle shift toward a place under the counter. 

Abruptly he stopped, drawing attention back to himself as he saw Shan grin with pleasure. "Go ahead…I WANT to party!" 

Once again he assessed the situation in front of him and slumped slightly. With a muttered, "Crazy bitch" he turned back to Snow. "Ok, I'll give you 800 nuyen for the stack on the counter."

Snow looked at him, then at Rune. When she saw his brief nod she said, "Done." Then she continued in a conversational tone, "You blew it, you know. I expected to be cheated when I came in here. BUT, I didn't expect to be slapped in the face by it. If you had offered a reasonable sum, I would have come back often when I needed quick cash. Always it's the little thugs that try and put the squeeze on. As it is, I think I'll try Finn. Oh, and I HAD been thinking about trading for some weapons and armor…but you lost that too."

Goaded and stung, anger and confusion crawled across his face. For a moment Snow looked him up and down as if he were some interesting, but disgusting item. So quietly only A'Brecht could barely hear her she added, "Come on, make a play…" through a smile as predatory as Shan's. She waited a beat and then turned her back to him. 

Her smile had turned warm by the time she was facing Rune and Eshlaini. "I think a drink would be delightful - I'd like to wash the taste of this place out of my mouth." 

Shan's triumphant, "Yessss!" snapped her back around in time to see A'Brecht drop the weapon he had grabbed. Defeated, he slumped against his counter as one by one they filed out into the night.

Shan's disappointed voice was the last thing A'Brecht heard as the door closed on his shop. "I wanted party."

/* - NOTE: Always check for posted version as final cleaning of text occurs during transmission - */

/* - 23 june 98 - */

<Back at the Chatsubo...>
>R "Shan?," he said, extending a handshake,"I'm Rune.  Custom
>R electronics designer - anything non-implants, my biology just ain't
>R strong enough."

"Shan. Fighter, Arcane." Her hand slowly moved to a pocket while she spoke. "No worry, not harmful" It re-emerged with a small ampoule of a dark liquid. With practiced ease she snapped the top off and downed the contents.

>R "Ladies, this is Eshlaini...an old friend.  Anything more specific
>R than that is her story to tell, not mine."

Snow smiled and replied, "Pleased to meet you!"

>R "Eshlaini, these are SnowDancer and Shan, some new friends. 
>R Visitors from afar," he added, hoping the 'V' didn't stand out too much,
>R "and anything more detailed than that is *their* story to tell, too."

>R He took a long pull off a dark Guinness before continuing, "So you
>R never told me, Snow, you here to stay, or just passing through?  The
>R whole world isn't as bad as A'Brecht, though most of them are close."

"There are those like A'Brecht everywhere. For a time I was no better. My plans are uncertain for now. I am in need of various electronic and cybernetic parts and pieces, but they will need to interface to some really strange things. This area seemed to be the best place to find them, although I don't know where to start tracking them down." She paused thoughtfully and continued in a much quieter voice, "The hardest parts I am thinking will be the replacements for a hyperdrive navigation and control system. I have seen little indication here of any form of space flight, yet your tech levels are extremely high…"

She turned to Eshlaini, "The VERY short form is: we are not from here. The device we travel in is showing extreme signs of age and is requiring parts replacement. This was the closest place we could reach that looked like parts might be available. One of my associates has thoughtfully," sarcasm dripped from the last word, "posted a few of my early ramblings to a net sight. She tells me it was just to verify interfacing, but she is a prankster from way back… Anyway, it is:
http://www.oz.net/~snowdncr/Writings/Valen/ValenIndex.htm ."

/* - posted as another message - */
Snow had been sipping her Guinness for several moments in silence when she suddenly jerked and mumbled, "Shit!" at almost the same moment Shan stiffened also. Seeing the question on Rune's face prompted her to respond, "I had sent Shan to keep someone named Maelyn safe. Shan had taken her to our place but Maelyn left a while ago. She said she was worried about someone named Katy and had to go check on her. She was going to come right back. It's been way too long and Tyana has called to let me know. We need to try and find her. Might I ask either or both of you for backup?"

/* - post 24 june 98 - */

Snow led the way out and around the Chatsubo. Once in the alley she quickly made her way to a spot near a large dumpster against the back wall of the Chatsubo. Shan pointed back the way they had come and said, “Came in that way.” Slowly they spread out and began looking for any clue as to which way Maelyn might have gone. About twenty feet closer to the street Shan stopped and started to point at a man-hole cover. “She not make – SHIT!” She began to move and took the shot in her left shoulder instead of in her chest. Her shriek of rage was echoed above the boom of a heavy gauge slug thrower as she converted being thrown backward into a back flip. She landed and sprang for a fire escape landing a floor above. Instantly they alley was ablaze with weapons discharges. Snow dropped and spun a throwing star at the nearest target then started yelling, “Fall back. Shan, I need one alive.”

Instead of falling back to the Chatsubo back door, which Rune was frantically waving at, in between blasts from his colt, Snow fell back toward the dumpster. When she saw where Rune was going, she began frantically waving at him, “Over HERE! It’s safer OVER HERE!!” Behind her a rectangle of black suddenly appeared in the side of the dumpster and heavy blaster fire erupted from within it. Snow continued to motion them her way, all the while screaming, “Alive Shan. I need one ALIVE!”

As Snow neared the black rectangle she dropped to a low crouch and motioned Rune and Eshlaini through in front of her. Then she stepped in and a heavy door swung closed. All sound ceased as the door clicked shut and light quickly faded up to reveal a narrow stone tunnel leading off. Standing near the door was a tall dark skinned woman wearing dark armor made of some type of lizard skin. The scales were the size of something you might see on a dragon in a fantasy scenario or VR game. She smiled and held out her hand, “I’m Krystyl, pleased to meet you.”

Slowly Snow walked down the passage toward a beaded curtain at the far end. Absently she motioned for the others to follow her. She emerged into a room far too large to be contained in the dumpster outside. The room was formed of a series of long alcoves branching from a central court. There were seven of the alcoves, each two levels high and filled with real books. Some bound in paper, others in leather and various other types of skins. There were even a few stacks of parchment or papyrus pressed between wooden planks. In the court a sculpture of large, twined cobras spit water into a waiting pool. Sunlight, filtered through ornamental gratings bathed the area in the faded yellow light of late afternoon. Small flower beds and benches surrounded the fountain. “Welcome to our traveling device. It is a transdimensional construct, woven of massive programs and arcane majiks from many different worlds. Shan will be joining us shortly. She has captured one of the strike force and thinks she can get him to us relatively in-tact. She's fairly certain Maelyn is down in the sewers under the alley we were just in.” As she finished speaking a deep gonging sound echoed through the court. As it faded away a ripping, tearing feeling pulsed through everyone and the air seemed to sparkle with an inner light. Almost instantly there was another gong and things returned to normal. Snow sat abruptly on one of the benches, looking suddenly drained and drawn. Her face had gone chalky in the sunlight.

She stood unsteadily and motioned to the others, “We must move quickly. Shan saw a couple of the attackers moving toward the sewers.” It was obvious she was pushing herself now as she hurried back to the entry passage. It wasn’t quite the same as when they had first entered. There was now a large wooden trap door in the middle of it that hadn’t been there before. “Rune, could you please get that?”

Rune threw his back into it and soon it had swung up and dropped back to rest on the floor. Under it was the man-hole cover Shan had pointed to earlier. “Again please?” Krys placed the spiked end of a large pry bar into a hole on the man-hole cover and leaned into it. It started to lift, falling over with a loud clang when Rune threw his weight in also. Revealed was a rusty, slimy ladder dropping into darkness. Faint dripping water sounds came from below. Mixed in was the sound of labored breathing. 

Krys dropped to the floor and slowly eased her head over the hole. A quick look revealed a huddled figure at the base of the ladder. One hand was thrown over her eyes, trying to shield them from the glare. The other was cradled in her lap. Krys motioned Snow over and the swapped places. “Yes, that’s her. Krys, could you pass her up to us?”

Krys pulled her blaster and slipped quickly into the tunnel. She waited several beats, listening intently. As she bent to pick up Maelyn she heard a splash from further down the tunnel. Instantly she slid around and fired a quick burst down toward the noise. She was rewarded by a harsh scream. Taking advantage of the confusion she hoisted Maelyn up to the others then hissed as a blaster scored a hit on her leg. Another quick burst gave her enough time to haul herself up to where Rune and Snow could grab hold of her and haul her to safety. “Hang on!” Snow called. A gong sounded again and there was the same discomfort and shimmer once more. Another gong came quickly on the heels of the first. Snow collapsed against the nearest wall of the corridor and slid slowly to the floor where her face dropped onto her knees. The trap door that had been in the floor was gone once more.

Many long moments later she raised her head. She looked bad. Her eyes were glassy and sunk deep into their sockets. Her face was pinched and drawn. In a strained voice she said, “That’s it Krys. We might be able to get one more jump out of her before we make repairs, but I don’t think I’d want to chance it. The crystal matrix about shattered on that one.”

Rune glanced at Krys and saw she wasn’t doing much better. She was pale under her dark skin and looked more drawn than before. “I hope this didn’t compromise Shan,” she added.

Snow tried to struggle to her feet. “Damn! Hand me your blaster, gotta see if I can give her cover…” She began crawling toward the door as Krys knelt to look at Maelyn.

Rune grabbed it first and strode to the door. "You, sit, stay and rest." He swung the door open to the sounds of sporadic gun fire and small explosions. As he scanned for a target he saw Shan drop heavily to the alley from one of the fire escapes. She landed hard, almost falling over and nearly dropping the still form she carried. Staggering heavily she wove her way toward the door. Another burst of fire caught her and she dropped to her knees revealing a figure closing from behind her. Rune swung and fired, watching a smoking hole burn its way into the figure behind her. In the resulting break in fire he ran to her and slipped his free arm around her. Then they hurried back to through the doorway.

Inside Snow and Krys eased the figure Shan was carrying to the floor, then helped her down. She sat slumped against the wall mumbling, "Healing slowed, things ok?"

"No. Those last two micro-jumps really took it out of the hut."

Krys briefly looked at the figure Shan had brought in, then returned to Maelyn. "Shan, I thought you said this one was alive…"

Rune took a quick look also and spat, "Corps security. They come loaded with various suicide methods. He must have popped one when you caught him."

/* - next segment to post - 3 july 98 */

Shan hauled herself upright. Rune noticed the slug wound in her shoulder was already looking as if it had been healing for over a week. She moved slowly to the corpse and heaved it up over her shoulder. "I back soon." Rune moved the quickest of the rest and opened the door for her as she walked out. Slowly she approached the real dumpster behind the chat and heaved the body up into it. Then she fast walked back into the corridor.

Snow turned to Krys, "Can you do anything for her?"

"I could dress the wounds, but I don't know what to give her for the infection. I'm not sure anything we have would work on her."

"Rune, would you mind accompanying Shan and I to Finn's? We need to get Maelyn medical attention and I don't want a repeat of the A'Brecht scene…" She turned and slowly approached Mae, "I know you don't know any of us. Truly, we mean you no harm. We are going to take you to Finn's for a medical check. You appear to have a very bad infection going in your arm. Might I ask - do you have any idea who is chasing you, or why they are?" 

While Snow was talking to Mae, Shan turned to head into the court. "Change, before go." She said, waving her hand at her torn and stained clothes.

"Why? You look more fearsome that way," Krys commented, looking at the slug holes, burns, blood stains, and the blackish-green stains around Shan's healing injuries.

"Maelyn, can you walk?" Snow asked. "Rune, about how far do we need to go?"

/* - next segment - */

Rune lowered his gun with a sigh, this sort of thing was not his style. 
Events had been set in motion, and he was a speck of foam on the wave. 
This Maelyn girl was huddled in a corner, head down, looking terrified.

>"Rune, would you mind accompanying Shan and I to Finn's? We need to get
>Maelyn medical attention and I don't want a repeat of the A'Brecht
>scene..."

"Sure, sure," he said, almost absentmindedly, as he made his way over to
the frightened woman.  He released the clip from his Colt and cycled the
round out of the chamber, setting both carefully on the ground as he
approached.  She must know he meant no harm.  Frightened and hurt, she
would be capable of desperate things.

"Here," he said, hunkering down in front of her and taking her arm, "let
me see this."  The opening in her arm was revolting, tissue ailing from
the infection raging within.  Silently, he cursed the nasty combination
formed by the new antibiotic-resistant bacteria of the world, and cheap
subdermal implants that concerned themselves little with the wearer's
safety.  He unceremoniously put his hand down the back of her shirt,
feeling her back beneath, just as his mother had taken his temperature
when he was a boy.  She jumped uncertainly at the invasion of her
personal space in the form of his cold hand, but seemed too weak to
protest in a more violent way.

"You're burning up," he said to her, then, to everyone, "I'm no doctor,
but if her temperature gets much higher, I think she'll pass out."

"It's about a mile to the Finn's, as the crow flies.  Maybe a mile and a
half by the streets.  We'll have to pass through Stone Dog territory. 
They don't worry me, but if they see Mae as a weakness, there could be
trouble.  Nothing we can't handle, but Mae can't defend herself.  I hate
to risk it, " he said as he reassembled the Colt's deadly parts,
"Normally I'd avoid the expense, but maybe we ought to call a cab and
take the long way, out by the bay, and around again.  Pretty neutral
territory, and we can shoot from the cab if we have to."

"A cab?" Snow looked up puzzled.

"An armored vehicle that can be hired for travel."

"Ah! Good idea! I'm not feeling much like another walk right now. Is the pilot trustworthy?"

"Pilot? They're run by low grade AI systems. As long as we get one from a reputable group, we should be alright."

/* next segment */
Rune and Snow flanked Shan and Maelyn, forming an alert, if thin, wall
of flesh around the delirious girl.  Shan tried in vain to quiet her,
for tactical reasons if nothing else.

"Katy katykaty.  you the virus b't I got the bugs.  deadbug chip got me
dead bang...g'bye mae, ash to ash, dust to dust," she whispered softly,
flopping loosely in Shan's arms.

Rune pushed the babbling out of his mind and scrutinized the storefront
closely.  The sign above the door read "Nippon import/export" with
accompanying japanese characters hastily painted below.  It was a long
way from the Finn's digs in the big apple, but Rune had always known the
irritable little fence had a bigger operation than most people
suspected.

He pushed the battered green fire door open, revealing a flight of steps
to the second floor.  Springy black rubber had been stapled over the
risers in layers, giving the whole thing a shapeless, careless air. 
SnowDancer slipped in the door and checked the stairs, while Shan
patiently lugged Mae into the foyer.

"Upstairs, door on the right," Rune said, gesturing vaguely.

The inside of the office was what one might expect of an import export
house.  Dirty crates crouched on the floor at irregular intervals, most
of them open, empty, and dribbling packing material on the floor.  At
the rear of the office the Finn stood behind a waist-high crate, his
left hand drumming on the top, his right hidden behind the crate with
the rest of him.

Someone else was moving behind him, methodically back and forth as
though making an inspection.  The shadows in the room and the clutter of boxes made it impossible to tell much about the second figure. Shan tensed and SnowDancer moved her hand closer to her weapon as they filed into the room. 

"Shouldn't you be in Boston?" Finn said, presumably to Rune.

"Shouldn't you be in New York?" Rune fired back.  That right hand was
probably resting on the functional equivalent of a sawed-off, though
Rune doubted the Finn would go for anything as...pedestrian as that. 
"We both know Chiba City's where the action is," Rune said.

"And what action is that?" the Finn said, laying his right hand and
weapon on the crate.  It held a short, fat cylinder emblazoned with the
sig-sauer logo. Rune winced.  It was one of those new flechette cannons.  The tips would be coated with neurotoxin.

The figure drifting in the rear stopped, suddenly paying attention to
what was going on up front.  His hand went up to his throat, presumably
activating some implant in anticipation of trouble, but he was still too
far in the shadows for any of them to quite make out exactly what it was
he had done.

Shan laid Maelyn down behind a crate and got ready to party, her eyes
becoming animated, scanning the room quickly.  Snow tensed, preparing to
bring her H&K to bear.  A'Brecht had left a bad taste in their mouths,
and they were in no mood for shit, Rune guessed.

"Medscan for our friend here, maybe do a deal on some medicine, " Rune
said, indicating the limp form of Mae, "got a nasty infection around her
implant.  One of those cheap TeleDyne subcutaneous jobs."

The shadowy man relaxed and began to move forward.  As he did, the dirty
fixture illuminated his slim, pale face and sweat-stained tanker.  The
sound of his steps indicated he was wearing heavy boots, probably
reinforced combat types.  His grey eyes stayed fixed on Maelyn as he
moved.

"Armor for two, myself and her…" Snow said, motioning toward Shan.

The man skirted the crate behind which Finn was standing and went to
Maelyn, kneeling down on one knee.  Shan made a slight move when he
reached out for the girl's arm, but his demeanor quickly told her he
wasn't a threat.  Taking Mae's infected limb in his hands, he turned it
over, pressing gently into the blackened skin with his thumb.  Vicious
dark liquid welled from the pores.

"Two k-cred for the scan, and we'll talk about the rest as we go," Finn
said flatly, meeting Snow's eyes.  Rune saw her eyes snap wider at the
figure.

"Bullshit, Finn.  We don't have time for bullshit," Rune said tiredly,
his hand creeping up to rub the bridge of his nose.

"And that's _exactly_ why it's 2 instead of 1," Finn said, unperturbed,
"'Course, we could barter it out.  I got some IP I want you to look at,
tell me if it's for real or not, tell me what it's worth.  That'll cover
the scan."

Rune nodded, he could evaluate some Intellectual Property, but asked,
"What about Snow and Shan?"

"Different deal altogether," Finn replied. "One deal at a time.  Bring her in
back and let's get her on the scan bed."  Finn flashed a glance over to
the man inspecting Mae's arm.  "Looks like this is your lucky day,
Derrik.  Mind taking a crack at her while you're here?"  Derrik stood,
lurking over the pile of a girl.  He looked over to Shan, motioning his
head "this way" before turning to walk away back toward the boxes.

****

A few minutes later, Shan had hoisted Maelyn onto a dull
stainless steel table and she and Snow were peering eagerly over Derrik’s shoulder
as he worked the scanner.  Rune wondered if they could even read the
english text as it scrolled across the old-fashioned CRT. He thought he heard one of them mutter, “Would have been close enough. Damn, next time…”

“How?” Shan’s voice asked.

“Don’t know – maybe that one evac…” Snow mumbled back.

For his own part, Rune negotiated a Virtual Object Database, once the
property of a research lab in Geneva, apparently.  He flipped through
the data present on the Finn's cobbled-together system -- code, graphs,
white papers, the whole schebang.  It detailed the construction of a
fairly economical rail-gun variant.  According to one of the white
papers, normal rail-guns took megajoules of energy to operate, making
them suitable for nuclear-powered ships only.  However, the package
outlined a variant on the traditional railgun design that synthesized
advances in computer control technology with a quantum leap in the
superconductor field, yielding a rail-gun that ran on an order of
magnitude less power.  Suggested applications included mechanized armor
and space based platforms.  Rune studied meg after meg of diagrams,
schematics, control code, and finally decided that there was a good
chance it was for real.  

Across the room, the Finn and Derrik had finished their scan and were
examining the results.  Something was not normal about the implant.  Contrary to
Rune's first guess, it was a Padisan Teletronics device, but it had some
kind of preprocessor that Finn couldn't identify.

"Hey Rune, come over here," the Finn called, not looking up from the
scan.

"I'm busy, man, you want this evaluated or not?"

Finn sighed, that was true, "Alright, then, you know what a m56009-z4
Chip is?"

Rune looked up from the Finn's system, frowning quizzically.  He was
pretty much finished anyway.  He answered, "Errr, an old DSP, I think. 
Pre-millennium.  Why?"

"That's what I wanna know - why?  Come take a look at this."

SnowDancer silently moved out of the way as he came closer, giving him a
view over the Finn's shoulder.  There was, indeed, a small bit of
circuitry on the front end of the implant.  It was hard to trace it all
out on the screen, as it all showed up in x-ray, but he could clearly
read the m56009-z4 designation on one of the chips.

"Beats the hell outta me, man.  That's some old hardware, I don't know
much about it.  I was still a kid when they were using those," Rune
admitted.

Snow walked to the edge of the table, careful to pick her way around the
coils of cable strewn all over the floor.  Mae was covered in sweat,
still muttering "Katy" from time to time.  She brushed the younger
woman's hair out of here eyes gently.

"Mae?" she said, softly, "Can you hear me Mae?  The men are worried
about your implant, neither of them know what some of it does."

"katy?  no, you're not...implant? has compression 'ncryption
stuff...careful, 'sfull, dangerous nfo..." she drifted off again, her
head sagging back to the table.

"Look, that implant's probably gonna have to come out," Derrik
started, "And she's got at least 3 different kinds of bacteria in the arm.  She's gonna need immuno-boosters, heavy duty antibiotics, too.  And of all those three, all Finn has is the immuno stuff, and he'd prolly make that a separate deal".  Derrik shot Finn a contemptuous look.  "I know what that thing is in her arm, and
can do a hack extraction right here.  It might not be pretty, but it's
free."

Finn made to protest, but Derrik quickly cut into him.  "Cut the
bullshit Finn.  The circuits are corroding, and if I don't get it out
soon she'll suffer blood poisoning and die."  Finn stopped.  He didn't
need a corpse lying around the shop.  For all he knew the girl had
friends.

"Besides,"  Derrik continued, appealing to Finn's greed "whatever's in
here might make you a quick cred."  He turned, went to Mae and leaned
over the wound, pulling an overhead medlamp to further inspect the dark
mass of infected tissue.  "Call Tom.  Tell him to bring my gear."

