
    
Dulce de Leche Ice Cream Cake
Recipe courtesy Emeril Lagasse, 2004
See this recipe on air Wednesday Jul. 12 at 3:00 AM ET/PT.

    
Recipe Summary
Difficulty: Medium
Prep Time: 45 minutes
Inactive Prep Time: 4 hours
Cook Time: 2 hours 20 minutes
Yield: 10 to 12 servings
User Rating: 5 Stars
    

1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sifted cake flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/8 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup sugar
6 eggs, at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 quart Homemade Dulce de Leche Ice Cream, recipe follows, slightly softened
Chocolate sauce, optional topping

Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 17 by 11-inch jellyroll pan, and spread with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on the short sides. Grease the paper and set aside.

Into a small bowl, combine the cake flour with the baking powder and salt.

Whip the eggs until foamy, then add the sugar and continue to beat until the eggs are airy and have tripled in volume, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the vanilla extract. Sift about one third of the flour mixture into the batter, folding carefully with a rubber spatula. Sift and fold in the remaining flour in 2 more additions without over mixing.

Gently pour the batter down the center of the prepared pan, spreading evenly with a spatula. Bake until the cake springs back when pressed with a finger, 5 to 7 minutes.

Gently lift the cake off of the pan and let rest on a rack for 5 minutes. Turn the cake out onto a sheet of wax paper and slowly pull away the parchment paper.

Spread the softened ice cream in an even layer over the surface of the cake, leaving a 1/2-inch border along the top and bottom. Starting with the end closest to you, begin rolling up tightly. Wrap in the wax paper, then in plastic wrap, and freeze until firm.

Carefully unwrap the cake and set on a serving platter. Drizzle, if desired, with the chocolate sauce and serve.

Homemade Dulce de Leche Ice Cream:
Homemade Dulce de Leche, recipe follows
2 cups heavy cream
1 cup milk
1/2 cup sugar
6 large egg yolks

In a medium heavy saucepan, combine 3/4 cup of the dulce de leche, the cream, milk, and sugar. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat.

Beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Whisk 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the egg yolks. Gradually add the egg mixture in a slow, steady stream, to the hot cream. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain through a fine mesh strainer into a clean container. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing down against the surface to keep a skin from forming. Refrigerate until well chilled, about 2 hours.

Remove from the refrigerator and pour into the bowl of an ice cream machine. Freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions. When the ice cream is nearly completely thickened, pour in the remaining 1/4 cup dulce de leche to create a swirl in the ice cream. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until ready to serve.

Yield: about 1 quart

Homemade Dulce de Leche:
1 quart milk
1 cup sugar
1 vanilla bean, split in half and seeds scraped
1 teaspoon baking soda
2 tablespoons water

In a large heavy saucepan, combine the milk, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. When the milk begins to get foamy on top, stir to incorporate the foam.

In a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda in the water, and add to the milk mixture. Reduce the heat to low and cook uncovered at a bare simmer. Let cook, stirring occasionally without working the foam into the milk. After 1 hour remove the vanilla bean. Continue cooking, skimming occasionally, until tan, very thick, and reduced to about 1 cup, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. (The milk will continue to darken as it cooks.)

Strain into a clean container and let cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. (The dulce de leche will thicken as it cools, and will keep refrigerated for up to 2 weeks.)

Yield: about 1 cup

Episode#: EM1H20
Copyright © 2003 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved
