
Arrival - part the second

Cautiously she stepped in and let the door close. Moving carefully she tried to thread her way to the imposing bar and the giant holding forth from behind it. she was making headway when a tangle of flying skirts and a happy voice interrupted her progress.

"Kali! It is you, isn't it? We knew you were coming. I'm so glad to meet you! Come on, let me get you a place near the fire and something to drink." Immediately the girl was winding her way through the crowd with practiced ease. Soon she had Kali planted at a small table to the side of the hearth. "Don't worry as a friend of Sammi and Jemima it’s ok to be at their table. I'm Josephine by the way, but everyone calls me Jo. That’s my da behind the bar. He’s Big Jo. Now, what can I get you?

Kali, still stunned by it all, answered hesitantly, "Something dark..."

"Dark?"

"Umm dark and heavy. You know, something you could walk on and not leave tracks."

"Got it! One Murphy’s Imperial coming up." Jo skittered away in another flurry of skirts leaving Kali staring bemusedly into the room. A few minutes later she was back with a mug of beer and a small plate of bread and cheese. "Here, and I brought food in case you're hungry." She perched on the other chair before continuing, "Now, I'm sure you have questions..."

"Uh, not yet, other than how do I settle up for the beer?"

"Don't worry about settling up. Sammi asked us to take care of you, said the Realms hadn't been kind to you of late. They'll be here tomorrow night and apologize for not being here. They had to make an emergency run and all. There’s a bed upstairs. When you're ready just grab me and I'll take you up. You can get food here in the morning. Now I need to get back to it. If you need anything just wave me over..." With a smile she was gone back into the crowd.

Kali sat back in the comfortable chair and sipped the thick, rich dark liquid, full of hidden flavor and the subtle hints of an ageless tradition of brew making. Thoughts whirled around in confusion. Thoughts of this place and its mission to rescue the beauty created on countless worlds had sustained her through the long boring days at work. Now through some trick she was actually sitting at the Adam and Eve sipping stout.

Shaking her head to clear it she raised a hand and waved Jo over. She raised her mug and looked at it longingly before smiling. "Another coming right up." Jo answered her silent plea.

"Got a moment?" Kali asked as Jo spun the new mug onto the table.

"Sure. You want to know how it all works and how you got here."

"Yes...how?"

"It’s the most asked of course. This place exists outside the Realms. It is our commission to rescue the beauty and art of the places in the Realms when destruction threatens it. That’s the easy part. None of us know exactly how we are chosen and transported to here."

"I was..."

"Shhh, it is not asked nor is it answered except among close friends. How’s the beer and food? You doing ok otherwise? Sammi and Jemima can maybe fill in a little more for you tomorrow."

"I was thinking I'd finish this drink and free up the table."

"Take your time. There are a few tables in here that are always waiting for certain people. This is one. The large group in the center is for the Temple Heath crowd. They're here every night, as are the Central Station people over there." She waved first to a loud happy group in the center of the room and then to a smaller group across from them. "This table is always here for Sammi, Jemima, and now you if you'd like." Jo stood and returned to the bar while Kali looked around the room again.

She slowly finished her second stout then motioned Jo over again. "I think I'd like to fall into that bed now, if you don't mind..."

"Ok, follow me." Once again Jo threaded them through the pressing the common room, stopping to chat with this or that person along the way. At last she guided Kali through a door into the back. She led the way up a narrow flight of stairs, down a hall and stopped in front of a door.

Inside was a small room tucked in under the eaves. Lacy curtains covered a small window and a fire burned in the grate chasing the chill from the room. A large bed sat below the window with its covers turned back. "Sleep well Kali. I'll see you in the morning."

The morning sun roused her as it spilled in through the curtains. Blinking sleepily she tried to remember where she was. It came back to her as she pulled the curtains aside to see a small garden below. Smiling she slipped out of bed and prepared to face the day.
