Welcome gentle readers to the serialized adventures of Kali, a resident of Death City. Just as the Saturday serials were offered up in the days of yore, so shall these brief adventures be offered up to you. Expect to see new parts on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday of each week until the vaults have been rung dry and the artiste must once more toil to bring forth more...

<ADMIN>
should you wish your names stricken from the rolls of the privileged please send a message to the humble administrator of this account
</ADMIN>

Death City. The Ageless. City of Power. East of Heaven and west of Hell, it stands at the centre of Eternia, the realm between. The city has many sides, and many stories, tales of wonder and tales of woe - but it is not my part to relate them. Instead, I have been blessed with the friendship of Kali, a recent arrival to this timeless place. This is her story.

Arrival - part the first

Huddled in her cape Kali slipped from shadow to shadow along the back streets avoiding the lighted crowds of Broadway Ave. Head bowed from more than the ever present drizzle she shuffled along thinking of the last few days. Behind her were the laughing faces of Ann and her new boyfriend, cut-back memos, and broken dreams. In front of her stretched endless days in a dead end job.

With a heavy sigh she slipped back onto Broadway to walk past the stairway to nowhere, the last remains of a long demolished building. Just visible through the now stronger rain, it curved up to Harvard and then swept up to the missing building. It tugged at her like a half remembered dream.

Having time to waste she walked around the blunt end of the triangular block and started up Harvard. A spill of warm yellow light pulled her gaze away from the stairway and to an old bus parked nearby. It looked more like an old trolley than a bus and obviously didn't belong where it was.

Curios, she slowly walked up to it, looking for markings or insignia. Near the door of the old style trolley was an elegant insignia with "DCM-Eternia" blazoned on it. Warm yellow lantern light spilled from the windows. She was about to turn away when the doors opened and a voice called out, "A cold, wet night out, isn't it lady?"

"That it is," she replied, peering in at the driver. He was dressed in a worn uniform and black top hat that would have looked more at home in a horse cab than the trolley. "What insignia is this?"

"Death City Metro, lady. Don't ye remember? Ye requested a ride on the Death City Metro. I am here to offer it to ye."

She froze as her mind shut off for long moments. "That...that was just..." She stopped and sucked in a deep breath and thought again of the endless tomorrows stretching off into boredom. "Wicked!"

She moved to step aboard only to stop as he said, "That be not good enough, lady. Ye must answer yeah or nay."

The words came to her from somewhere deep in the past. "I enter freely and of my own will."

"Then enter freely and welcome to the Death City Railroad, lady..."

"Kali," she replied.

"Welcome Kali and Blessed Be. Ye can take a seat anywhere you like. The ride may be a bit rough at first as we leave the Realms." As he spoke he set the tram in motion. Within moments there was a mind twisting wrench and the lights out side disappeared.

------------

Long moments later they pulled to a stop in front of a darkened cathedral. Wrought iron gas lamps lit the wide street. A sweep of cobbled path swept from the street to the brooding dark doors of the cathedral. A smaller stone path lead off to the right side. "Welcome to Death City, the capital of Eternia. They be waiting for ye at the Adam and Eve pub. Follow the path around the edge of the cathedral and ye’ll find it soon enough. Tell the landlord’s daughter yer a friend of Jemima. Go on lady, they're expecting ye."

Carefully she climbed down into the rainy night. A steady drizzle kept her company as she slowly walked down the path. The pub was right where the driver had said. A pool of gaslight illuminated the worn oak door and the sign hanging above.

She stood in the shadows for long moments staring at the building. Finally she shrugged, gathered her courage and strode to the door. She pulled it open onto a warm, cheery common room with a large fire burning at one end. Conversations washed over her as she stared in at the crowded room.

