I stepped off the ship onto the docks at Khemi and inhaled deeply. The dry, dusty scent of desert air mixed with the smoke of cook fires and the cries of merchants. Bright, hot sunlight beat down, bringing out sweat which cleansed the mildew of Tortage from my body. A puff of dry wind evaporated the dampness and cooled me at the same time. At last, a place with dry air and no smell of decaying jungle vegetation. Even with no memory of this land, it felt like home. Residents stopped and stared as I stood in the middle of the thoroughfare, arms raised to the sun, and drank in the beauty of the city.

The many scents of spices and cooking reminded me I had only eaten poor ship rations since leaving Tortage. I asked a nearby merchant where to find food and he  gave me directions to the souk. The streets were narrow, winding through tall mud-brick buildings and between red sandstone rock. Once under the high roofs and awnings of the souk, I wandered among the stalls and tables, looking at weapons, examining cloth and clothes, eying jewelry, and the guards that watched it, and finally buying several sticks of savory grilled meat, fresh from a charcoal burner. At a second stall I purchased a small skin of wine I took my prize and retreated from the chaos of the souk, looking for a quiet place to sit and eat.

I remembered passing a narrow, steep set of stairs on my way from the harbor that promised a bit of quiet. No one appeared to care as I slipped up the stairs, rounded a corner, and ended up in a tiny small courtyard in front of a single door. I settled onto an outcropping of rock and tore into the hot meat. The wine was rich and sharp, a perfect compliment to the meat. Sated, I leaned back against the rock and listened to the muted sounds of laughter and children filtering through the elaborate grills set in the small windows around me.

Ghostly images of a small home, built around a similar courtyard, stirred in my memory. Every time I reached for them, they retreated back into the dark, behind drowsiness, harsh voices, and sharp pain. I opened my eyes to the bright sky above me and tried to recover the peace I had so recently felt. When it did not return, I stood and returned to the souk and the hunt for my lost past.