"So what should I wear?", Sally asked the tall, curly haired lass in charge of 
the work detail.

Jemima grinned at her new starter.  "Let's put it like this.  How do you feel 
about spending your time doing entirely manual work, physical labour, probably 
getting spectacularly mucky from time to time but doing something that's
all about the solid, material world?".

Sally looked up, nervously, trying to read the depths of the taller woman's 
deep brown eyes.  Abruptly she decided to be completely honest.  What the hell,
it was being less than honest on the orders of other people that had nearly 
got her killed, and finally being straight that had saved her life at the end.

"Actually", Sally looked down, despite her resolve she couldn't help the flood 
of nervousness, "I kind of like it."

Sally stared at the tabletop, waiting for Jemima's response.

"Hey!", Jemima gently responded, laughter and a little concern in her voice, 
"you're just like most of us!"  Sally slowly looked up, and found herself 
looking into eyes that brimmed with care and compassion.  "We kind of figured 
you did, to be honest, that's why you were pointed in our direction.  
Whatever our technological and magical capabilities, at the end of the day 
this is a railway system and that means hard, physical, dirty work needs to 
be done, especially track maintenance.  Those of us who enjoy that kind of 
thing tend to gravitate towards it automatically after we've been here a while, 
but you looked like you could use some friends so we kind of pushed you a bit.
Hope you don't mind!"

"Mind...", Sally gazed into Jemima's eyes with something that was close to 
hero-worship, "I think I just came home!".

Two weeks later, Jemima found herself admiring Sally's figure as she dug 
fouled ballast from the top of the cess a few yards away.  Sally had her 
back to Jemima and was thus unaware of her charge-hand's approving glance.
"Looks like your new one's making herself useful!", Sammi, Jemima's partner, 
currently in charge of Jemima's work crew's train locomotive, called quietly 
from where she sat, legs dangling, half in and half out of the open cab 
door.

"Aye, that she is", Jemima replied, hands on hips as she surveyed the work 
site.  "Hard working, and seems to be getting on with everyone, and certainly 
seems to enjoy a good drenching.." Jemima's voice tailed off for a moment, 
"but somehow, I still feel there's something we're missing.  She's been hurt 
badly, really badly, and somewhere inside she's still got some of that pain 
locked up.  I think she's over the worst of it, hell when Kali found her 
at first they all thought she was dead!  But there's something else, something 
we've not got to yet...".

Jemima's words tailed off again.

Sally, blissfully unaware of her superiors' cares, was getting stuck into the
aftrenoon's task.  Digging ballast was hot, heavy, sweaty work, and her body,
unused to physical exertion, protested with every move, yet she blocked out
the pain reactions and got on with the job.  When you lifted a shovelfull of 
stones and earth and swung it into the barrow, it went and stayed there until 
you'd filled the barrow and truged off to the tip site with it, it didn't
morph into hundreds of different pieces of sentient slime which slithered off
in random directions, all of which had to be tracked and traced by he
over-driven mind, endlessly following fouled trails of evil until...

"Crack!", the spade went back into the old ballast, and she lifted out another
load.  No, she'd stay here with the dirt and the labour and the new friends
who seemed to genuinely care for her as a person instead of a talent to be
exploited, and put that other life behind her forever.  If only she could stop
the dreams, she knew she'd be truly happy at last.

