From:   Hill, Dave C.
Sent:   Wednesday, April 01, 2009 10:32
To: MD-ClientAppTeam (fulltime)
Cc: Uttley, Vince
Subject:    CAG Dev message (from Dave)

Hi all-

By now you have received and read today’s communications from Tim Schaaff and Howard Stringer. 
Clearly many challenges lie ahead for us all, both internally as the company re-aligns teams and 
missions, and externally, as the world economy works through a painful reset.

As we embark on the next phase of our Sony adventure, which begins today, I ask on behalf of myself 
and SMSS senior management that everybody on the CAG team remains continuously mindful and 
committed to the important mission that has been entrusted to us. Sony has never in the past 
successfully deployed a PC software "world product" like Media Go. Now, as our 1.0 street date 
approaches, it is we, you, who will start delivering on this major piece of the connectivity story that has 
long been the company dream. 

As you know, we are combating intense competition and a less-than-stellar company software legacy. 
Our mission is to connect many diverse Sony hardware, content, and service initiatives in a harmonious 
and user-friendly way. This is not an easy task, and will not become easier. The Media Go project is very 
large and complex already, involving at least 10 engineering offices in 5 countries. And we can 
immediately expect other groups that we have not dealt with much before entering the Media Go orbit- 
these include Vaio, Digital Reader, PS3, new NPSG initiatives, and likely other groups such as Digital 
Imaging. And let us not forget the needs of many millions of Media Go users- you can expect 5 at million 
minimum by year’s end, and at least triple that 12 months later. As stated, not easy, there will be 
obstacles and complications as we move forward, but a great team like this one is up to the task, I have 
no doubt.

I think quoting our own Ken Wali now is appropriate (I stole this from your performance review Ken, 
sorry!):  

"I keep the end user in mind with every line of code that I write." 

I really liked that statement Ken, that’s a great way to approach every task. User Experience must remain 
at the forefront. Focus on that and we will succeed and have fun doing it.

Carry on(,eh).

Dave   

