From:   Liu, Yoshie [Yoshie.Liu@am.sony.com] on behalf of Schaaff, Tim
[tim.schaaff@us.sony.com]
Sent:   Tuesday, March 31, 2009 19:31
To: SVS-SJALL; SVS-ALL; SMSS (Howard Hughes - fulltime); smss-
sd@soe.sony.com; MD-ClientAppTeam (fulltime)
Subject:    "IMPORTANT: Message to NPSG employees from Kazuo Hirai and Kunimasa
Suzuki"

To NPSG members

As of April 1, 2009, the Networked Products & Services Group (NPSG) has become
effective, comprising the VAIO Business Group, Sony Computer Entertainment
(SCE), the Mobile Development Division, the Mobile System Development
Division, the Digital Reading Business Division and Sony Media Software &
Services (SMSS).  Amidst the severe current economic climate and intensifying
competitive landscape, the introduction of a new management team and formation
of a new organizational structure demonstrate the determination with which the
entire Sony Group is striving to reinforce its competitiveness and accelerate
future growth.

As you all know, Sony is currently facing an unprecedented crisis, a crisis
that it is not an overstatement to say threatens our very future.
The road to overcoming the challenges we face may be arduous, but under this
new organizational structure, we must align our efforts and boldly take the
first step in creating a new Sony for the next generation.

NPSG will play a vital role, as it will oversee Sony's "future growth."
As you are all aware, in the coming era, "networks" will play an increasingly
important role, and it will be more and more difficult to differentiate our
products through hardware value alone, while conventional business models will
not be sufficient for us to overcome the competition.  Therefore, as members
of NPSG, our foremost priority must always be to consider what represents
uniquely "Sony" user experiences integrating hardware, software, network
services and content, and then determine how we can deliver these to users.
NPSG aligns Sony's high network connectivity product categories, with the
strengths of SMSS to achieve this aim, utilizing the assets that the group
possesses including an abundant line-up of network enabled products, such as
PS3, PSP, VAIO, Walkman and Digital Reader, along with SMSS's experience in
operating network platforms in more than 50 countries and regions around the
world, and a wide range of network services and content.

Our challenge at NPSG will be to integrate these assets to create truly "Sony"
experiences.  And at a time when users are being inundated with a flood of
content and services, we must ensure our customers are able to enjoy these
experiences easily, conveniently and comfortably.  To achieve this aim, NPSG
will plan, develop and execute new business models fusing content, network
services and hardware, as well as incubating new mobile products equipped for
the next generation telecommunication environment.  These activities will also
lead the way for network strategies in TV and other major product categories
within the Consumer Products & Devices Group (CPDG), interlinking with wider
strategies for the Sony Group as a whole.

What we ask of each of you as we move forward towards this goal, is that you
look beyond individual projects, or mindsets specific to your current business
group, and instead work together as a united team, constantly considering the
most beneficial approach for NPSG as a whole.
Many horizontal initiatives encompassing business units throughout NPSG will
soon be launched, and we call on all of you to proactively participate and
support these measures, taking the opportunity to think and learn together.
Please also maximize your use of shared services and strive for optimized and
highly efficient operations.

The start of the new organization is also the start of a new challenge.
Merely possessing hardware, network services and content is, in itself, no
longer a factor that differentiates us from our competition.  Our strength at
Sony lies in our ability to independently create diverse entertainment content
such as game, music and movies, and our expertise in developing the hardware
and network services required to capitalize on these assets.  This is a
strength that we alone possess.  Our ability to integrate this know-how and
create new user-value and experiences will be our driving force in the
challenges we face.

Each and every one of you represents the strength, not only of NPSG but also
the entire Sony Group.  The two of us are determined and ready to provide the
optimum organization and environment that enables each of you to fully
exercise your abilities and skills.

NPSG's business and structure will be discussed among the members of the
Executive Committee listed below, in addition to both of us.  We plan to hold
the first Executive Committee in the middle of April, followed by a task force
meeting to discuss NPSG's key strategies later in the month, and then a NPSG
management meeting in the middle of May.  The outcome of these meetings and
discussions will be shared with you at the appropriate timing going forward.

Please lend your strength towards creating a new Sony.
Thank you and we look forward to working with you all to build a brighter
future.

Networked Products & Services Group
Kazuo Hirai
Kunimasa Suzuki


<Organization>
Networked Products & Services Group (NPSG)
President           Kazuo Hirai
Deputy President            Kunimasa Suzuki

- Sony Computer Entertainment   President & Group CEO   Kazuo Hirai
- VAIO Business Group       President       Kunimasa Suzuki
- Sony Media Software & Services    President       Tim
Schaaff
- New Mobile Div., Mobile System Development Div.
                Executive in charge     Shoji Nemoto
- Digital Reading Business Div, SEL
                Executive in charge     Kunimasa Suzuki
                President       Steve Haber
- NPSG Planning & Strategies Div.   Senior General Manager  Kunimasa
Suzuki
- NPSG HR Planning Dept.        General Manager     Masakazu
Kawai


<Executive Committee>
President               Kazuo Hirai
Deputy President, in charge of strategies   Kunimasa Suzuki
Executive in charge of technologies     Shoji Nemoto
(SCE)   Masayuki Chatani,  Kazuo Miura
(SMSS)  Tim Schaaff,  Fumihiko Kanagawa
(VAIO)      Ryosuke Akahane, Hideyuki Furumi



From:   SONYHQ.PR@jp.sony.com
Sent:   Wednesday, April 01, 2009 00:12
To: SONYHQ.PR@jp.sony.com
Subject:    Message from Sir Howard Stringer


[To]?All Sony Employees?????

Message from Sir Howard Stringer
----------------------------

Dear Colleagues,?????

Today marks a significant turning point in the history of the Company, and it
is?????
not just because we have a new management team in place that is digitally
savvy,?????
globally experienced and determined to connect to customers that are
reinventing?????
their future and their personal aspirations every day in the digital,
networked world.?????

As we begin the new fiscal year, we are doing two difficult but very important?????
things simultaneously. First, we are reconstructing the company to eliminate
the?????
duplication you have long criticized, to simplify many of the vital processes
that?????
have sent our fixed costs dangerously high in many areas, including in
purchasing?????
and in manufacturing. Second, we are finally transforming the company into the?????
premier provider of networked products, content and services for the highly?????
selective and demanding consumers of 2009 and beyond. This is not an easy
task,?????
but there is clearly no other choice, and our management is aligned, united
and?????
committed to make these changes.?????

Some of you who have experienced other reorganizations at Sony are probably?????
thinking you've heard similar messages in the past---similar promises.?????
And so you may ask, "Why is this different?"?????

As you know, our competitive environment is tougher than ever before.
Panasonic,?????
Sharp and Samsung are there, of course, but also Apple, Microsoft and now
Cisco,?????
as well as numerous small boutique companies that nibble away at our core
markets?????
with increasing ferocity, boldness and effectiveness.?????

To be truly competitive, we must strengthen the pillars of the Sony edifice?????
so that television, digital imaging, "PlayStation", mobile entertainment,
broadcast?????
and professional, audio and video can be more powerful, but we must also
recognize?????
new seductive products beckoning to our customers---IPTV, 3-D, digital cinema,?????
social networking---and make our own special mark. The list lengthens daily.?????

In the coming weeks and months, you will be hearing directly from the new
management?????
team about Sony's strategic priorities across all of our businesses. These
strategies?????
will establish a clear direction for the Company, taking into account the new
market?????
realities and maximizing the value of the talent, creativity and energy that
resides?????
within all of you.?????

Under the reorganization, the Sony consumer electronics and game organizations
are?????
now comprised of two strong groups:  the new Consumer Products & Devices group
and?????
the Networked Products & Services group. The first group represents our
traditional?????
and vital hardware; the second will provide new network differentiation which,?????
when married to our hardware, will make us truly competitive. The brilliance
of?????
our hardware engineers will be fortified by the versatility and originality of?????
our software engineers, and the "PlayStation Network" will connect our
products and?????
services to all our customers. In the past, this effort has been a forced
marriage?????
with few open platforms, inconsistent strategy and too little commitment.?????

Today, the network is operational. It runs smoothly, and our network
engineers,?????
whether in "VAIO" or Sony Computer Entertainment or elsewhere, are committed?????
to working together. With our newly empowered, horizontal technology,
procurement?????
and logistics groups, we will march forward with better efficiency, speed and?????
technical coordination, enabling us to provide brilliant consumer solutions at?????
an affordable cost.?????

All of these initiatives will be linked closely with our content companies?????
so that the Sony customer will have the very best hardware, software, services?????
and entertainment. And all will benefit from new efficiencies in the
component,?????
semiconductor, disc manufacturing and B2B solutions businesses, as well.?????

Over the next few weeks, the new management team will be pushing through
changes?????
that brush aside old and stubborn obstacles.  You will be tempted to say?????
"that won't work" or "that's not how we did it in the past." But remember,?????
the recent past just brought us to the edge of a cliff. Our founders knew that?????
Sony needed to adapt to the changes taking place around them. When we did,?????
we soared brilliantly.?????

We need to change. It will be an interactive, company-wide process, led by a
team,?????
because one individual alone cannot shatter silos and liberate the creativity
of?????
a great company. That team needs your support. It needs you to join forces and?????
enlist in the cause, so that the terrible threats exposed by this giant
recession?????
can never again challenge Sony's survival or its right to exist.?????

We watched the World Baseball Classic last week as the Japanese baseball team-
--?????
a group of players from different teams, different leagues and different parts
of?????
the world---came together, applied their talents and skills to a common
purpose and,?????
in magnificent fashion, made their country proud on the world's stage.?????

As the inspirational author Alan Cohen once said, "It takes a lot of courage
to?????
release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new.  But there is
not real?????
security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the
adventurous?????
and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power."?????

So, I say to you, release the familiar, embrace the new, and get excited about?????
what Sony is doing because we are the most powerful technology and
entertainment?????
brand in the world. And we are determined to prevail!?????


Howard Stringer?????
Chairman, CEO and President?????

Feedback may be sent to:   feedback2howard@jp.sony.com?????


--------------------------
[Contact Info.]
Corporate Communications
Sony Corporation
Sony.Prhq@jp.sony.com
--------------------------


From:   Hill, Dave C.
Sent:   Wednesday, April 01, 2009 10:32
To: MD-ClientAppTeam (fulltime)
Cc: Uttley, Vince
Subject:    CAG Dev message (from Dave)

Hi all-

By now you have received and read today’s communications from Tim Schaaff and Howard Stringer.
Clearly many challenges lie ahead for us all, both internally as the company re-aligns teams and
missions, and externally, as the world economy works through a painful reset.

As we embark on the next phase of our Sony adventure, which begins today, I ask on behalf of myself
and SMSS senior management that everybody on the CAG team remains continuously mindful and
committed to the important mission that has been entrusted to us. Sony has never in the past
successfully deployed a PC software "world product" like Media Go. Now, as our 1.0 street date
approaches, it is we, you, who will start delivering on this major piece of the connectivity story that has
long been the company dream.

As you know, we are combating intense competition and a less-than-stellar company software legacy.
Our mission is to connect many diverse Sony hardware, content, and service initiatives in a harmonious
and user-friendly way. This is not an easy task, and will not become easier. The Media Go project is very
large and complex already, involving at least 10 engineering offices in 5 countries. And we can
immediately expect other groups that we have not dealt with much before entering the Media Go orbit-
these include Vaio, Digital Reader, PS3, new NPSG initiatives, and likely other groups such as Digital
Imaging. And let us not forget the needs of many millions of Media Go users- you can expect 5 at million
minimum by year’s end, and at least triple that 12 months later. As stated, not easy, there will be
obstacles and complications as we move forward, but a great team like this one is up to the task, I have
no doubt.

I think quoting our own Ken Wali now is appropriate (I stole this from your performance review Ken,
sorry!):

"I keep the end user in mind with every line of code that I write."

I really liked that statement Ken, that’s a great way to approach every task. User Experience must remain
at the forefront. Focus on that and we will succeed and have fun doing it.

Carry on(,eh).

Dave

To All Sony Employees,

Below, please find a special message from Sir Howard Stringer regarding an
exciting new brand message for Sony - "make.believe" - which will debut
next week in Berlin at IFA, the world's largest consumer electronics show.

Please note that Sir Howard's message can also be accessed in video form
on a new "make.believe" intranet site, which officially opens today
: http://makedotbelieve.sony.net.

Because the official external announcement regarding "make.believe" is
slated for September 3 at 10AM. (Japan Time) and September 2 at 5 PM
(Central European Time), we kindly ask that you handle this information
with special care until that time.  Thank you.
----------------------------------------

Hello.

As we move to transform Sony and secure our place as the home of the
very best in electronics, entertainment and technology, the importance of
an all-encompassing and unified brand image is more important than ever.
Our founders recognized this years ago with the use of clear and memorable
themes that rallied consumers and employees around the globe.

Today it is imperative that we unify the voice of our brand once again,
as we seek to differentiate ourselves from countless competitors and,
at the same time, connect to so many new customers throughout
the ever-expanding digital world.  And so, I am pleased to be able to
share with you the philosophy and the plan for Sony's new global
brand message, "make.believe."

"make.believe" is designed to reignite the innovative spirit of our people
and our products, and to inspire consumers to embrace all that is Sony.
"Believe" represents our ideas, our technologies, our ideals,
while "make" expresses our unique ability to turn them into reality.

The dot in make.believe symbolizes the place where great things begin.
It is where inspiration meets creativity, where creativity meets reality.
It connects designers and engineers, hardware and content, electronics
and entertainment, Sony and consumers.   For our customers,
we connect the dots.  And every time we do, something amazing happens.

Think of a time when you made something happen -- something that
you weren't certain was possible, but worked passionately to make a
reality.  An idea that began in your mind and blossomed into something
that wouldn't have existed without you.  That is the spirit of make.believe.

We are introducing "make.believe" now because we are in the midst of
a pivotal transformation - with new leaders, new vision and a new strategy
that has infused the entire company with optimism and energy.
"make.believe" is a symbol of the new Sony.  It is designed to work
alongside existing brand identifications and at each of the business units,
and will be used to connect all of our brands, products, services and
content so that the consumer will, for the first time, see a truly united Sony.

While the make.believe spirit defines us as a company, it is also intended to
mean different things to different people, both inside and outside Sony.
Our goal is for consumers around the world to embrace the make.believe
spirit by contributing their own creativity and passion to the process
and interpreting the Sony vision for themselves.

Over the next six months, you will begin to see make.believe in Sony
advertising, promotional materials, product packaging, retail outlets,
online content and more in a phased roll-out across the globe.  It will
begin in Europe at IFA in early September, extend to China later that
month, followed by Tokyo and the rest of Asia and South America,
before its North American debut at CES in January 2010.

I am counting on you to embrace and become ambassadors of make.believe.
In the coming weeks, you will receive information about a variety of
employee engagement opportunities in your region.  You will also be
hearing from top management at the Sony Group companies as to
what make.believe means to them, and to their organizations.

Together, we must deliver on the promise of make.believe to help create
a new perception of Sony among consumers.  That will happen through
the introduction of breakthrough products, game-changing technologies,
compelling new content, new network services and perhaps even strategic
partnerships.  It could also happen in ways we haven't yet envisioned.

When I joined the company, I imagined a Sony without barriers.
Your commitment and hard work has made that vision real.
That is a make.believe moment for me.

make.believe stands for the force of our collective creativity.
We believe in ourselves and in everything we make.  Now, let's make
consumers around the world believe in us.

Howard Stringer
Chairman, CEO and President

I welcome your opinions and feedback at:
feedback2howard@jp.sony.com

--------------------------
[Contact Info.]
Corporate Communications
Sony Corporation
Sony.Prhq@jp.sony.com
--------------------------


