From:	Liu, Yoshie [Yoshie.Liu@am.sony.com] on behalf of Schaaff, Tim 
[tim.schaaff@us.sony.com]
Sent:	Tuesday, March 31, 2009 19:31
To:	SVS-SJALL; SVS-ALL; SMSS (Howard Hughes - fulltime); smss-
sd@soe.sony.com; MD-ClientAppTeam (fulltime)
Subject:	"IMPORTANT: Message to NPSG employees from Kazuo Hirai and Kunimasa 
Suzuki"

To NPSG members

As of April 1, 2009, the Networked Products & Services Group (NPSG) has become 
effective, comprising the VAIO Business Group, Sony Computer Entertainment 
(SCE), the Mobile Development Division, the Mobile System Development 
Division, the Digital Reading Business Division and Sony Media Software & 
Services (SMSS).  Amidst the severe current economic climate and intensifying 
competitive landscape, the introduction of a new management team and formation 
of a new organizational structure demonstrate the determination with which the 
entire Sony Group is striving to reinforce its competitiveness and accelerate 
future growth.

As you all know, Sony is currently facing an unprecedented crisis, a crisis 
that it is not an overstatement to say threatens our very future.
The road to overcoming the challenges we face may be arduous, but under this 
new organizational structure, we must align our efforts and boldly take the 
first step in creating a new Sony for the next generation.

NPSG will play a vital role, as it will oversee Sony's "future growth."
As you are all aware, in the coming era, "networks" will play an increasingly 
important role, and it will be more and more difficult to differentiate our 
products through hardware value alone, while conventional business models will 
not be sufficient for us to overcome the competition.  Therefore, as members 
of NPSG, our foremost priority must always be to consider what represents 
uniquely "Sony" user experiences integrating hardware, software, network 
services and content, and then determine how we can deliver these to users.  
NPSG aligns Sony's high network connectivity product categories, with the 
strengths of SMSS to achieve this aim, utilizing the assets that the group 
possesses including an abundant line-up of network enabled products, such as 
PS3, PSP, VAIO, Walkman and Digital Reader, along with SMSS's experience in 
operating network platforms in more than 50 countries and regions around the 
world, and a wide range of network services and content. 

Our challenge at NPSG will be to integrate these assets to create truly "Sony" 
experiences.  And at a time when users are being inundated with a flood of 
content and services, we must ensure our customers are able to enjoy these 
experiences easily, conveniently and comfortably.  To achieve this aim, NPSG 
will plan, develop and execute new business models fusing content, network 
services and hardware, as well as incubating new mobile products equipped for 
the next generation telecommunication environment.  These activities will also 
lead the way for network strategies in TV and other major product categories 
within the Consumer Products & Devices Group (CPDG), interlinking with wider 
strategies for the Sony Group as a whole.

What we ask of each of you as we move forward towards this goal, is that you 
look beyond individual projects, or mindsets specific to your current business 
group, and instead work together as a united team, constantly considering the 
most beneficial approach for NPSG as a whole.
Many horizontal initiatives encompassing business units throughout NPSG will 
soon be launched, and we call on all of you to proactively participate and 
support these measures, taking the opportunity to think and learn together.  
Please also maximize your use of shared services and strive for optimized and 
highly efficient operations.

The start of the new organization is also the start of a new challenge.
Merely possessing hardware, network services and content is, in itself, no 
longer a factor that differentiates us from our competition.  Our strength at 
Sony lies in our ability to independently create diverse entertainment content 
such as game, music and movies, and our expertise in developing the hardware 
and network services required to capitalize on these assets.  This is a 
strength that we alone possess.  Our ability to integrate this know-how and 
create new user-value and experiences will be our driving force in the 
challenges we face.

Each and every one of you represents the strength, not only of NPSG but also 
the entire Sony Group.  The two of us are determined and ready to provide the 
optimum organization and environment that enables each of you to fully 
exercise your abilities and skills.

NPSG's business and structure will be discussed among the members of the 
Executive Committee listed below, in addition to both of us.  We plan to hold 
the first Executive Committee in the middle of April, followed by a task force 
meeting to discuss NPSG's key strategies later in the month, and then a NPSG 
management meeting in the middle of May.  The outcome of these meetings and 
discussions will be shared with you at the appropriate timing going forward.

Please lend your strength towards creating a new Sony.  
Thank you and we look forward to working with you all to build a brighter 
future.

Networked Products & Services Group
Kazuo Hirai
Kunimasa Suzuki


<Organization>
Networked Products & Services Group (NPSG)
President			Kazuo Hirai
Deputy President			Kunimasa Suzuki

- Sony Computer Entertainment	President & Group CEO  	Kazuo Hirai
- VAIO Business Group		President  		Kunimasa Suzuki
- Sony Media Software & Services	President		Tim
Schaaff
- New Mobile Div., Mobile System Development Div.		 
				Executive in charge  	Shoji Nemoto
- Digital Reading Business Div, SEL		 
				Executive in charge  	Kunimasa Suzuki 
				President 		Steve Haber
- NPSG Planning & Strategies Div.	Senior General Manager	Kunimasa
Suzuki
- NPSG HR Planning Dept.		General Manager		Masakazu
Kawai


<Executive Committee>
President				Kazuo Hirai
Deputy President, in charge of strategies	Kunimasa Suzuki
Executive in charge of technologies		Shoji Nemoto
(SCE)  	Masayuki Chatani,  Kazuo Miura
(SMSS) 	Tim Schaaff,  Fumihiko Kanagawa
(VAIO)  	Ryosuke Akahane, Hideyuki Furumi



