Pagaret Tazotra: backstory
---------------

Some families should probably not intermarry.

Esken Tazotra was a well-to-do wine merchant of Miskaton. He was by all accounts a scrupulous and very honorable man, sharp and quick in his business dealings but never one to cheat a rival or short a customer. When you bought a cask of wine from Tazotra, your tasters would never say that it came from any vineyard other than the one promised, or that it was vinted in any year other than the one marked. His prices were high, but no higher than they should have been. Even as a young man, he had entrance to many fine houses, and many of the better taverns and wineshops in Miskaton, and he was known in the fine estate houses up and down the Valley. The Tazotra family had been wine merchants for generations (as indeed still they are), and Esken cherished his family's reputation, doing what he could to perpetuate the esteem of his house.

The favor Esken found with customers and merchants was not, however, due solely to his family's standing, nor even to his own excellence as a supplier. Folk treasured him for his wines, there's never a doubt; but he was known for frank and pleasant conversation, courteous deportment, restraint, and discretion. He was a dancer of some reputation, light and graceful, much sought after; and a man of parts, well-favored and handsome. He could have broken far more hearts than he was ever know to have done.

Given his advantages and his known character, no one has ever been able to pretend that he had any other reason than love for marrying Arkhelice Froy. (Spiteful tongues said that she had laid him under an enchantment, but had she been capable of such spellcraft matters might not have ended as they did.)

Arkhelice Froy, a museum curator and dealer in antiquities, was a woman of force and spirit, most ironical and keenly intelligent; and lovely enough in her way. But in no sense was she Esken's social equal, and he married well below his station in marrying a Froy.

Now, the Froy family is not a thieving family, primarily; they really do prefer dealing, exploring, and researching. But none can deny that the Froy are a distinctly shadowy presence in academic and arcane circles, and they are not unknown in the river warehouses where not all of the goods have bills of lading. Miskaton is a terribly old and deep city, and many things of fascination or value are lost within its mazes, or hidden in safe and secret places by those who will never go back for them now. And Miskaton is secretive; and secrets are another sort of treasure for some. Miskaton has so many hidden things... such a city simply demands those who will spy out the hidden ways, and retrieve the hidden curiosities, and overhear secrets whispered by those who think themselves safely alone. Such persons must needs become dwellers in shadow; and the Froy family elected itself to such a destiny long ago, longer ago by far than the day the first Tazotra took a job behind the bar in a wineshop.

Arkhelice, like all of the Froy, was a fiercely accomplished scholar, with a command of tongues and written languages, a learning in history and lore and natural philosophy, that any University professor would envy. But she was also a practiced sneakthief and skulker and picklock, as handy with dagger and rapier as any noble scion, as deft with a sap as any waterfront bravo. Her circle of acquaintances included thieves, fences, spies, and bandits as much as professors. How much of her secret side Esken knew when he first determined to marry her, none can say; but he was never known to repent of his choice. With wry humor he accepted the peculiarity of their situation: just as he could not bring her fully into the elevated ranks of society to which he had himself gained entrance, she could not bring him safely into her world, to prowl with her the hidden pathways of the city, and swap rude tales and rough wine around a midnight fire in the most desperate districts. Those who knew them say he regretted his exclusion from her world more than she cared about her exclusion from his.

As is the way of it, Arkhelice bore Esken three children: Heriskath, who grew to be tall and slender as her father, with her father's good looks and earnest character (although much to her dismay, the rugged brown mop of hair often seen in the Froy family, which she worked grimly to tame); Sellos, a very particular child of waspish temperament who became ever more exacting and stringent as he matured, growing old before his years; and Pagaret.

Pagaret was her mother's favorite, and in many important ways her mother's heir. The Froy are rumored to have peculiar family traits; it seemed Pagaret, unlike her siblings, inherited them.

Motherhood slowed Arkhelice no more than had marriage. Outwardly an eccentric and supportive wife and mother, within the family she was an academic martinet, driving her children to learn everything a classical education should provide. She engaged tutors and teachers, working tirelessly to provide her children an education above their station; while never neglecting her own decidedly extracurricular activities. All of the children learned history, languages, lore, the management of business, mathematics, and a proper layman's understanding of natural and arcane philosophy. And of course they learned wine -- the tasting, the buying, the selling, and wine's proper place in a meal.

In one respect, Pagaret's education diverged. While Heriskath and Sellos studied dancing, deportment, entertaining, and manners (under the exacting tutelage of poorer relations of wealthy families, whom Arkhelice and Esken judged would be the most desperate to know and observe all subtleties, as well as being most needful of the stipend), Pagaret from a very young age accompanied her mother on secret trips through the hidden ways of Miskaton. She learned the peculiar sequences of unnoticed doorways, long-abandoned balconies, tunnels, sewers, catacombs, and dizzy aerial rooftops and brigeways, so that she could traverse the city, sometimes quickly, sometimes furtively, along paths very difficult to follow or to anticipate. She walked in secret voids between walls where the dust lay thick; and some where other travelers disturbed the dust, and she must learn to know whether those travelers were Froy or other. She learned when to run for her life -- in the seemingly empty darkness of old hidden corridors, or through crowds in a daytime market -- based on the tiniest and subtlest of warnings. She came to know the warehouses with their bales and crates and casks of intriguing trasures from far away, and to know the men who could outfit an expedition in secret, or send a letter that could be trusted to reach its destination, even in the Lotus Empire or lands still further. She became known to dealers in curious antiquities, and familiar in the odd shops where the occasional item of interest would be found amid stacks and bins of junk and cluuter of unknown provenance.

And, while her siblings learned the sword and dagger work appropriate to the upper classes (Heriskath too, at Arkhelice's insistence, though the daughters of the well-to-do were far less likely than the sons to learn such skill), Pagaret studied, in addition, rough-and-tumble tactics of less refinement. She learned to slip a punch or slither out of a hold, to use fists and feet (and sticks and bricks and tankards and pieces of rope and various found tools) to defend herself against attack by rapists or drunks, or by the brawling and acquisitive gentlemen of the wharfside or thieves' dens.

Pagaret was fascinated by it all, and took to it like a true daughter of the Froy; but it was a relentless and hard life, and she often envied her brother, and still more her increasingly sophisticated and elegant sister, for their developing ease in the world of the better folk. Her kinship with her brother was increasingly strained, too; for, as the older and larger and stronger and the entitled male heir, he attempted to bully her. In that he prospered not at all, and eventually (limpingly) retreated into a resentful and rather hostile distant dignity.

Heriskath and Sellos followed their father into the wine business, and did the family proud. Pagaret, increasingly cast in their shade, redoubled her studies, and grew more withdrawn and gawky, dwelling within her world of secret knowledge and hidden ways. Esken never loved her the less, but a distance grew between them too.

So matters stood, when Arkhelice made a terrible mistake.

The Froy family trait for recognizing arcane items is an uncertain thing: they can sense that an item has arcane or priestly energy, and whether it is a great or small matter; and they sometimes catch a flavor or nuance or echo of its nature, or perhaps some chance attribute of its making. It's a simple inherited characteristic, not a learned skill such as Arcanes acquire in the course of their studies. Obviously, it's a helpful ability for any dealer in antiquities and curios; but it also sometimes withholds far too much.

What it was that Arkhelice found, in a hidden niche -- ironically enough, in an old abandoned wine cellar -- was never clearly known. She felt it to be important and powerful, but she had no way of knowing that it was a decidedly dark item. When she claimed it from its centuries-log resting place, she awakened something that had long slept, and it was her doom.

By the time, days later, that she realized that she was being stalked by something of terrible power and insane subtlety, it was too late for her to find the kind of help that would avail. She fled the Tazotra house, fearing that the curse would pursue her within its walls and wreak terrible vengeance on her husband and children. She went to an isolated, dilapidated old house on a marshy shore in a lonely, less built-up part of the city, and wrote letters to her husband and children, and to others, as she waited the coming of the thing she had stirred.

The last of her letters had been given into the hand of a trusted messenger as her final evening approached. A great bank of cloud had been building in the West all afternoon, arching over the city like a vast dark curling wave, swallowing the sinking sun. Wind began to get up, and the darkness came in shrieking over the water.

It was the worst storm in seven years, and it was out of season, and it caught the city of Miskaton unprepared. Boats and even barges were hurled against the wharf pilings so hard as to break their planking, or were driven ashore on the banks when they dragged anchor. Shingles and slates were torn from roofs, rain sluiced down in stinging sheets and water roared along the cobbles of the streets and squares. Some buildings collapsed in the relentless howling wind. Many went missing that night: buried in rubble, or washed away in the wild rivers, perhaps. And there were those who swore they saw knotted, winged manlike forms with talons and barbed tails riding the winds, hunting low over the rooftops and steeples, roaring and croaking in words that no man could interpret.

Esken, frantic with dread, compelled Arkhelice's messenger to guide him (and Pagaret who would not be denied), to the house in which she had faced her end. In the gray light of dawn, they found the old house, still standing, but with windows broken or opened, and riotous destruction within. There was also a fair amount of human blood, though thinned and somewhat washed away by the rain which had blown into the upstairs floor. Outside the windows they found deep gouges and scoring, as if gigantic birds of prey had alighted, sinking their talons into the casements, puncturing and splintering the wood.

In that one night Esken's hair faded to gray, and he moved after that with a halting, uncertain gait. He failed, his mind and heart overthrown, and took to his bed more and more, witless and wandering. Heriskath and Sellos took over the wine business as Esken's grip on life faded; and they would not let Pagaret help them. Their long-simmering distrust of their sister had deepened to active dislike, with the terror and blame of their mother's death. Pagaret sat long by her father's bedside, comforting him in his distress and confusion as best she might.

When Esken followed his wife into death, scant months after, Sellos cast Pagaret out, forbidding her the family house or offices of business, and even ordering her to relinquich the Tazotra name. This Pagaret flatly refused to do, honoring her father whom she had loved; and disdaining Sellos she spoke to Heriskath her sister, saying "One day you will have need of something I know, or of something I can do. When that day comes, you can call onme, and for the sake of our parents whom I have loved you may ask it of me. But before that day and after that day we shall never see each other more." At this, Sellos actually menaced her with a knife; and she warily backed out of her home, never to return, mistrusting lest her brother might strike her from behind.

That was four years and more in the past. Pagaret has lived rough and lived well, working, thieving, propspering and near starving. She has acquired a scar on her face, down the left side from brow to jawline, which she tells people was given her by a thief in an alley. 

She now has a minor position as a sort of auditor at the Jewel Of The Lotus: she understands books of business and accounts and can add numbers, and the chief bookkeeper detests her. She remains also a skilled wine taster, and no wine seller cheats the Jewel. She has seen her brother twice, though he did not see her, for he ofttimes sells wine to the Jewel. She notes with deep approval that he is seemingly as honest a merchant as was their father. She has seen Heriskath once, also at the Jewel, again without being seen herself, but it was not a wine sale: Heriskath was patronizing the pleasure rooms. After that glimpse, Pagaret went away to a far part of Miskaton, and drank herself very drunk. (That was the night she got the scar, and she still hopes that the man who cut her did not die, for he did not really deserve to.)

She is a small, quiet person, not much regarded or known, although the proprietors of the Jewel Of The Lotus have some confidence in her as a quiet and effective fixer.

She still walks the hidden ways of Miskaton City. She still corresponds occasionally with people she has never met, in the Lotus Empire or lands still further. She is still a distinctly shadowy presence in academic and arcane circles, and she is not unknown in the river warehouses where not all of the goods have bills of lading.






