raz_milzithin
Public Story
Goraze Milzithin is a student of the Arcane at Miskatonic University. He comes from the Lotus Empire and is from a Noble family distinguished with the Empire. His mother, Barake Milzithin, was a very heroic figure in the Wars, and knew Alucinia Tomarasdan during that time. Goraze knew Alucinia as young child, but doesn't remember much beyond what his mother has told him.

He has long been interested in the Arcane arts, and so his family consented to his admission to the University instead of becoming an initiate into the Lotus Empire cult. This has raised some eyebrows with the rest of his family with the exception of his mother. She views his time in Miskaton as a way to gain information about her old friend, and since the men of the Lotus Empire really aren't suited for command she doesn't deny him his wish to learn the Arcane Arts and see the world outside of the family's protective cocoon.

Goraze is a shy young man who tends to stay solo most of the time, but he enjoys the company of others in a roundabout sort of way. He is of medium height, slightly built with wavy dark hair in a short queue and has black eyes, common among his people. His skin is caramel colored and he tends to dress in nondescript clothing. As a scholar of the Arts he tends to spend most of his time studying at one library or another, and if he cannot be found there he is probably off doing something related to his craft.

In his personal life, Goraze is an ascetic, and does not believe in having luxury items or posh surroundings. He has very few belongings and wears slight variations of the same outfit daily. He prefers to spend his energies on his studies, even though he comes from a family that offers him all he could wish for, although in a matronizing fashion!

He enjoys discussing Arcane history and wants to discover all he can about his art. He also enjoys conversation over knowledge-based strategy games such as Chess.

Acutal Background
Goraze is the alias of Raz Milzithin--- the daughter of the Hero of the HellGate Wars. She was in command of the Elites during the Wars and has retained a position of authority with them even in her later years. Raz was a member of the Imperial Elite Officer Corps until her skills showed that she was a good candidate for the Secret Police. She has been a member of the Secret Police for 2 years, and has been trained as an assassin and spy, as well as with disguises. She has not taken initiate vows in the state religion in order to infiltrate the Arcane society of Miskaton.

She has been sent under the cover of disguise to the university of miskaton to discover all she can about the rise of arcane magic as well as the mysterious gate rumored to take or bring anyone to the city. She is a master of disguise and stealth, and carries out her spy work for the lotus empire either as woman or man, and as either young or old. She can disappear in any crowd, and is only found when she wants to be. She was trained in the martial arts by her mother from a very young age, and has skill with a scimitar and other blades. She is a silent killer and a loner. She has chosen to spend her time in Miskaton as a member of their dominant gender in order to make her spywork more efficient.

From the Lotus Empire: Your mission would be to gather as much information on the arcane school of thought and to find out more about the Gate.

high Communications skills and High Stealth skills
