Add to Iskandera:

Iri: There are three.

Iska: What?

Iri: You said, god, if he exists. There are three true gods, powers, forces, whatever you want to call them. They are Stability, Possibility, and Balance. They oversee everything, but they don't meddle in the affairs of the rest of us. Taking care of the multi-verse consumes their efforts. Sure, there are other godlings, demons, angels, saints, etc. but they are the creations of us, the living. Our faith strengthens them, or disbelief weakens them. And here's the true kicker for the people of your world, some of us are them. You found that in Anna's diary, didn't you?

Iska: Yes. I don't know how to deal with that. My parents tried to inoculate me against the faith of that world, but I was steeped in it from little onward. Part of me feels damned for being what I am. I almost understand how Anna's son could turn her in. It's an awful feeling because I saw the crazy faith actually help some people get by. The ones who were truly good and caring people, and I saw those who rejected the faith still be caring and good to those around them.




Add to the Hut Crew Diaries

Kara: Does anyone else feel weirded out by this immortality we've achieved?

Ang: Speak for yourself. I've been immortal for a while now. It's just like life, only more so. You need to find reasons to want to be alive, things that give you joy.

Kara: A purpose, then.

Ang: It can be a purpose, but beware of that. A purpose that starts out as a good thing can turn into an obsession and drive yo to great evil. It is better to find wonderment and awe in the face of the multi-verse. Find things that delight you, that don't require others to follow along, or think the same way. Purpose can turn those following you into bitter enemies the instant you do something they don't like. Look at religions. Often a great idea at the start, then a set of rules and controls as they evolve. Beware of those things. I stay alive and sane because I love the simple things. A sunrise, the smell of flowers, a beautiful song or performance.

Kara: But we have a purpose, the keeping of the balance...

Ang: Yes, and we will make mistakes and see things that will horrify us, that we must not change because they are part of the balance as well. Then, more than at any other time, the personal reasons to keep going must be separate from our tasks. Otherwise we will burn out and start to question and doubt and then hate ourselves. Keep your reasons for living separate from your tasks, or they will kill you in the end.