Uru Misc:

/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
Cycreim - Posted: Thu Mar 01, 2007 6:02 pm    Post subject: V. Important vigil for Sharper, Friday the 2nd of March!

From the people who brought you the Sit-In
comes a celebration of flagrant bandwagonism.

On Friday, March 2nd at 5 PM Cavern Time,
the Great Tree will ride the tide of explorer vigils
and gather in the Great Tree Bevin
in hopes of summoning our comrade, Douglas Sharper,
from the Void of the 8th Dimension of Nb'vl's'tg'lx'p'que
to which he has been lost for 3 years.

To this end, we shall each don the venerable garb of The Sharper,
and arrange ourselves in the shape of His Historic
and Revered Moustache. We shall burn an effigy of the DRC.
We shall exchange tall tales and bond in the spirit of Doug,
offer human sacrifices to the god of barrier banishment
(If you would like to be sacrificed, please PM a Great Tree
member), swallow firemarbles, and perform any other
activities that might imperil our safety or otherwise lead to
our hospitalization, until He returns to us riding upon
the back of Dr. Watson with his unearthly hat ablaze!

Tea and coffee will be provided.
/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
BladeLakem - Posted: Tue Mar 06, 2007 7:01 pm    Post subject: Managing Expectations: Uru is a MMARG

A lot of people (even that oft-referred-to 'fanatics') seem to be disappointed with Uru because it's not what they expected. And elsewhere it's been talked about that expectations for Uru are skewed.

Uru is not an MMORPG in the sense of WoW, Guild Wars, City of Heroes, etc. Nor is it an adventure game, like Sam & Max or even Myst. And it's not a puzzle game.

Uru is a MMARG. MMARG? Massively-Multiplayer Alternate Reality Game. Check out Wikipedia's definition of an ARG for a starting point.

Now, while I think everythng in that article applies to Uru in some way, let me quote the "Basic Design Principles" section in a spolier tag to highlight it:
Click to reveal spoiler.

    Wikipedia wrote:
    Basic Design Principles
    ARGs are sometimes described as the first narrative art form native to the internet, because their storytelling relies on the two main activities conducted there: searching for information, and sharing information. The Beast utilized these two activities through a group of design principles that are now treated as givens by many ARGs and similar forms of internet narratives, but at the time the combination was revolutionary.

    Storytelling as archaeology. Instead of presenting a chronologically unified, coherent narrative, the designers scattered pieces of the story across the Internet and other media, allowing players to reassemble it, supply connective tissue and determine what it meant.

    Platformless narrative. The story was not bound to a single medium, but existed independently and used whatever media were available to make itself heard.

    Designing for a hive mind. While it might be possible to follow the game individually, the design was directed at a collective of players that shared information and solutions almost instantly, and incorporated individuals possessing almost every conceivable area of expertise. While the game might initially attract a small group of participants, as they came across new challenges, they would reach out and draw in others with the knowledge they needed to overcome the obstacles.

    A whisper is sometimes louder than a shout. Rather than openly promoting the game and trying to attract participation by "pushing" it toward potential players, the designers attempted to "pull" players to the story by engaging in over-the-top secrecy (e.g. Microsoft did not acknowledge any connection between the company or the movie and the game, the game did not acknowledge any connection to Microsoft or A.I., the identities of the designers were a closely-guarded secret even from other Microsoft employees, etc.), having elements of the game "warn" players away from them, and eschewing traditional marketing channels. Designers did not communicate about the game with players or press while it was in play.

    The "this is not a game" (TINAG) aesthetic. The game itself did not acknowledge that it was a game. It did not have an acknowledged ruleset for players; as in real-life, they determined the "rules" either through trial and error or by setting their own boundaries. The narrative presented a fully-realized world: any phone number or email address that was mentioned actually worked, and any website acknowledged actually existed. The game took place in real-time and was not replayable. Characters functioned like real people, not game pieces, responded authentically, and were controlled by real people, not by computer AI. Some events involved meetings or live phone calls between players and actors.

    Real life as a medium. The game used players' lives as a platform. Players were not required to build a character or role-play being someone other than themselves. They might unexpectedly overcome a challenge for the community simply because of the real-life knowledge and background they possessed. Participants were constantly on the lookout for clues embedded in everyday life.

    Collaborative storytelling. While the puppetmasters controlled most of the story, they incorporated player content and responded to players' actions, analysis and speculation by adapting the narrative and intentionally left "white space" for the players to fill in.

    Not a hoax. While the TINAG aesthetic might seem on the surface to be an attempt to make something indistinguishable from real life, there were both subtle and overt metacommunications in place to reveal the game's framework and most of its boundaries. The most obvious was that the story itself took place in the year 2142, and the websites ostensibly existed in the future (visitors to some of the sites would trigger a pop up warning that their browser was obsolete and unrecognized). The designers also limned the borders of the game more subtly, e.g. through the names on the site registrations.

    This set of design assumptions was to exert enough influence on subsequent entries in the genre that games that deviated from one or more of these principles were often acknowledged by their designers to be a conscious attempt to do something different, rather than a result of a lack of awareness on the part of the designers.


This is Uru at it's core. We find information. And we share it among the community. I think the 'alone or together' concept is over-hyped. 'Alone', Uru begins to fall apart.

Storytelling as archaeology. Myst games have NEVER told us the whole story. We, the fanatics, figured it out. For example, there is a connection between D'ni numbers and letters. Cyan didn't tell is this. The fans in the Riven days figured this out.

There seems to be no story behind the 'mini-journies' (Eder Delin/Tsogal, Negilahn). Is there no story? Or have we just not noticed it yet? Maybe we just haven't discussed it enough. Maybe we haven't asked the right questions.

And isn't the Restoration about archaeology anyway? It's not about solving, it's about discovering.

Platformless narrative. There has been a lot of talk about too much of the information about the game not being in the game itself. I don't think that's an oversight.

Yes, the game on GameTap is the core element in Uru Live. And you aren't required to check the forums, webpages, etc. But if you don't, you are missing half of the game. The story is being told in many different forms - in Cavern, on the DRC site, on these forums, in websites, etc. That is precisely the point - Uru is an expansive experience.

Designing for a hive mind. This is what is happening with Negilahn. It isn't aimed at the individual or the small group. It's aimed at Uru as a whole. We are, in many ways, that hive mind. I mean, we we all bang away at it together, how many puzzles do you really think will survive?

Real life as a medium. Half of what I talk about when I tell my friends about Uru are the little things. The goofy 'Sharper' summoning. The fact that some player named Heaven was ignoring Nick White one of the times he was in Cavern, and he keeps mentioning her. The running joke that the ResEngs steal each other's coffee. Etc etc etc. These are the little things that make life interesting. I'm sure there are dozens of other running jokes and little experiences that I will never hear about, yet mean a lot to the people who were there.

Uru has texture and depth because it is about real people, even if some of those real people are acting like people that they aren't.

Collaborative storytelling. We aren't just involved in 'storyline'. We are also involved in an ongoing history full of actions and reactions. The Yeesha sighting was obviously a reaction to the effort on here to draw her attention. Was it a 'plot point'? It doesn't have to be. People did something, Cyan responded. It's a part of our history now, and it tells us somethign (if only something vague) about the universe in which we are playing.

And you know, that history does include In Character and Out of Character. It should. This is about the game and about the people involved. The history of Until Uru is just as important as the history of the Kings. Rand Miller is as much a personality in this universe as is Atrus. We the players are part of this experience just as much as we the explorers.

*whew* I'm ranting a bit. Let me try to sum up.

In the immortal words of Buckaroo Banzai: "Wherever you go, there you are."

I think there are tweaks to be made in the concept and the execution (in some ways we are defining the MMARG genre here). But I think that we (both we as explorers and Cyan themselves) need to set the ARG experience as the expectation of what you are going to get from Uru. Because, honestly, this is where we actually find ourselves.
/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
LRBolt - Posted: Thu Mar 08, 2007 1:29 am    Post subject: When a game is not just a game…

Let me first say that I would never presume to tell someone how to play a game, any game. Each personality will choose its own path in the game, as in life. But some of the rumblings here have me wondering if there’s a misunderstanding about what’s going on. And I wondered if I might make a suggestion for a different frame of mind. No, I’m not saying that anyone is doing or thinking in the wrong way. I’m just trying to present a different perspective about what’s going on.

Back in the day when ‘the game’ was first shown to Mysterium attendees, and IMForman gave a tour to some awestruck future explorers, everyone that wasn’t able to attend was begging for information about what was seen. Two of them were well known on the forums for their prose and posted several messages that gave information about what was seen. I, like many others gobbled up these words and only tried to imagine what they had seen. But then, I noticed several things about the posts that seemed to fall into ‘sync’ for lack of a better word.

So I asked, in a round about way, whether there was anything there worth pursuing. The answer I got led me to believe there was. So a couple of days later, when I left on what was sure to be a very boring 5 day business trip, I carried with me printed copies of the messages, lots of blank paper, and plenty of refills for my mechanical pencil. Oh, and many happy thoughts of solving a puzzle that no one else had even noticed. Smile

But, alas, it was not to be. On returning, I found out the solution was discovered and had absolutely nothing with what I thought I’d found. Just a few screenshots of the city. So I was completely bummed out…NOT!

I actually found clues in this nonexistent puzzle that had me looking at colors and counting words performing equations…and I really did find things that matched and appeared to have meaning! It was fantastic! Without realizing it, these two people had created 4 total posts that drove me insane for 5 full days. It was absolutely the best business trip I’ve ever been on. And it went by so fast!

The end result, after finding out that there was no pot of gold, was this little story I wrote. I guess what I’m trying to say is, if you go back and read some of the interviews by the man whose dream was Uru, (who by the way is STILL the one manning the tiller) his goal was to give people a place to explore and discover and just enjoy the scenery. Relax and enjoy the ride.



A request for the jackal, perhaps to catch a lizard.



Vague shapes, blurred outlines, consciousness comes slowly.

It’s difficult to bring reality back in line, once you’ve stepped out of time.

My eyes start to focus, and I become aware of my body, once again. The first thing I do is assess my environment, as would an experienced explorer.

I find that I’m sitting on the ground, leaning back against a large, smooth rock. I see the sun low on the horizon, and note that it’s just before sunset. The stone is releasing the warmth it’s been absorbing from the sun all day, into my back. The heat soothes my tired aching muscles. One of my shoes is broken, my pants are torn, and as I lift my hands, I see that the pain comes from many cuts and scrapes. Oh, Maker. This was a test that I was barely able to complete. The never-ending decisions, the constant hidden clues. The uncountable blind alleys, leading to retraced steps, each taking me ever closer to complete exhaustion.

Yet, I have never before felt so alive!

I gingerly draw a deep breath around bruised ribs, and look across a small draw in the hillside. My gaze moves over the sky to one of the most glorious sunsets I’ve ever seen. As the sun touches the horizon, the clouds are set afire with shades of oranges and reds, all set on a background of deep blue. Then I notice that I’m not the only one enjoying nature in all her glory.

The jackal sits gazing at the sunset, unmoving, deep in concentration. The scene has inspired her thoughts. A poem, perhaps, or maybe a tale of some far-away place, is taking shape in her mind. Abruptly she drops her gaze and stands, as if filing the thoughts away to be replaced by other responsibilities.

She turns and circles around behind the base of a large tree, across the draw from me. She sits, and after staring at me for a moment, looks up into the tree to watch a lizard slowly climb down to eye level, which also happens to be staring at me.

They both regard me for a moment, and feeling as if something is required of me, I whisper, “Thank you.” After a beat, I hear the jackal’s voice in my head, “For what do you thank us?”

“For the opportunity of the riddle,” I reply, wondering why she asks.

“But the secret had been revealed,” she said. “There was no prize at the end of the riddle. All your labor was in vain.”

Well, yes, I thought…but no, that’s wrong. That’s not the way it feels. I looked down, searching my heart for the answer, all the while feeling their stare, waiting…for something.

When I look up, I tell them, “What you say is not true. The riddle is the prize.”

The lizard and the jackal look to each other and appear to come to an agreement. They turn their eyes back to me, and I hear the lizard in my mind, “Congratulations, ‘explorer’, you have just taken your first step to solving the riddle." Without another word, the lizard hops on the jackal’s head, and they turn and walk away.

As the dusk deepens into night, I watch them go and can’t help but smile. They know I’ll follow them, and I’ll happily go. For they have been to D’ni.

And I have the Njaalkemem.

LR
/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
Owehn - Posted: Mon Apr 02, 2007 4:18 pm    Post subject: The Rules of Rehearsal
1st rule: You do not talk about Rehearsal.
2nd rule: You DO NOT talk about Rehearsal.
3rd rule: If you crash out, freeze, or go afk, the testing is over.
4th rule: Only 5 avatars to a Rehearsal build.
5th rule: Only one Rehearsal build at a time.
6th rule: No cheating, no exploits.
7th rule: Testing will go on as long as it has to.
8th rule: If this is your first time on Rehearsal, you HAVE to test.

Click to reveal spoiler.
I hope you enjoyed your daily dose of levity!

_________________
.reprad kenen nahr
.redoyhah pradteegahl kenen shin b'hahrten gah b'foles

KI# 45434
/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
