Quotes - from Google Quote of the Day

A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually. One must fight for a life of action, not reaction.
Rita Mae Brown

A peacefulness follows any decision, even the wrong one.
Rita Mae Brown

About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.
Rita Mae Brown

I believe in a lively disrespect for most forms of authority.
Rita Mae Brown

The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself.
Rita Mae Brown

The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.
Rita Mae Brown

Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment.
Rita Mae Brown

Maybe this world is another planet's hell.
  - Aldous Huxley

What luck for rulers that men do not think.
  - Adolf Hitler

I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
  - John Cleese

We are here and it is now. Further than that all human knowledge is moonshine.
  - H. L. Mencken

Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say, these are the conditions, now what happens next?
  - Richard Feynman

The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.
  - Jean Kerr

With or without religion, you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things. But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion.
  - Steven Weinberg

Few people can see genius in someone who has offended them.
  - Robertson Davies

Making duplicate copies and computer printouts of things no one wanted even one of in the first place is giving America a new sense of purpose.
  - Andy Rooney

I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.
  - Umberto Eco

"Sons of Anarchy: Patch Over (#1.4)" (2008)
John Teller: First time I read Emma Goldman wasn't in a book. I was sixteen, hiking near the Nevada border . The quote was painted on a wall in red. When I saw those words it was like someone ripped them from the inside of my head.
Jackson 'Jax' Teller: Anarchism... stands for liberation of the human mind from the dominion of religion; the liberation of the human body from the dominion of property; liberation from shackles and restraint of government. It stands for social order based on the free grouping of individuals.
John Teller: The concept was pure, simple, true, it inspired me, led a rebellious fire, but ultimately I learned the lesson that Goldman, Prudot and the others learned. That true freedom requires sacrifice and pain. Most human beings only think they want freedom. In truth they yearn for the bondage of social order, rigid laws, materialism, the only freedom man really wants, is the freedom to become comfortable.

BSG - Season 2 Episode 12
"It's what you said at the ceremony before the attack, when Galactica was being decommissioned. You gave a speech, it sounded like it wasn't the one you prepared. You said that humanity was a flawed creation, and that people still kill one another for petty jealousy and greed. You said that humanity never asked itself why it deserved to survive. Maybe you don't. " -- Sharon Valerii

Babylon 5 - from http://besterplace.green-sector.de/syla4.htm
"Dukhat says: 'When there is good news we always ask if it's true, because it is so difficult to believe. But when there is bad news we rarely inquire because it's so easy to believe.'"
Forell

For Obit, etc.
Left this earthly party to join the invisible choir

"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently."
- Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche (The Dawn, ~ Sec. 297)

"When politics and religion ride in the same cart, the whirlwind will follow."
Bene Gesserit theorem

Why when I talk about faith, do you always assume I'm talking about God?
Shepherd Book - Serenity


From various Clusterfuck Nation posts by H. Kunstler

The only issue in this election contest between Pee Wee Herman and Captain Kangaroo is how to do nothing to disturb the fantasy that we can keep living the way we do. I am coming to detest Mr. Obama for the unforgivable feats of doing absolutely nothing to oppose, resist, or remedy the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision, and doing absolutely nothing to restore the rule-of-law in banking. Mr. Romney, at this point, can only be pitied as some kind of thought-experiment gone awry in an evil consumer product testing lab on a planet of oafs. His fecklessness has no modern analog. Next to Romney, Bob Dole looks Lincolnesque.

It's especially disturbing to see the infiltration of the latest version of Jesus mumbo-jumbo - Southern Republican Nascar Evangelical orthodoxy - take over the collective mind of the USA. The poverty of ideas this represents can't be overstated and the timidity of any opposition to it is a disgrace to our heritage. Maybe that's an argument for electing a Mormon president, since that peculiar branch of the church is so self-evidently childish and ridiculous that it will probably do more to defeat religious fanaticism than all the humanist dissertations ever written - or a thousand clones of Madonna Ciccone dancing in stadiums under laser beams in titanium brassieres.

In the vicious vacuum that national party politics has become, the Republicans and Democrats are already dead. They choked to death on the toxic fumes of their own excreta. They are empty, hollow institutions animated only by the parasites that feed on and squirm over the residue of decomposing tissue within the dissolving membranes of their legitimacy. Think of the fabled Koch brothers as botfly larvae and the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association PAC (SIFMA PAC) as a mass of writhing maggots.
