Non-Mixed Teams
    team 1:
        Blood Elf Warlock to go with your Blood Elf Mage - the "impossible team combo"

    team 2:
        Blood Elf Hunter to go with your Blood Elf Mage or Warlock

    team 3:
        Orc Warlock to go with your Orc Mage - the "impossible team combo"

    team 4:
        Night Elf Huntress to go with your Night Elf Rogue     

    team 5:
        Human Rogue or Warrior to go with your Human Mage or Warlock

    team 6:
        Draenei Mage to go with your Draenei Shaman

    team 7:
        Orc Shaman to go with your Orc Warrior

Mixed Teams
    team 1:
        Troll Warlock to go with your Orc Mage - the "impossible team combo"

    team 2:
        Orc Hunter to go with your Blood Elf Mage or Warlock

    team 3:
        Draenei Huntress to go with your Night Elf Rogue     

    team 4:
        Human Rogue or Warrior to go with your Night Elf Warrior or Rogue


Blood Elf hunter/mage/warlock
Orc shaman/warrior/warlock/rogue

Night elf hunter/rogue
Human mage/warlock/rogue/warrior
Draenei shaman...possibly mage/warrior

Blood Elf - Orc or Troll - Orc for Horde and Draenei - Night Elf or Night Elf - Human

Pick low population RP server(s) to start. At least one Alliance and one Horde team.


Alliance side story:

Me:
    Name - Satyari
    Race - Human
    Class - Warlock
    Server - The Scryers
    Always liked the darker side of things. Isn't particularly happy in the human society where she has been and has left home as soon as she could. I think she found some scrolls or something in the attic of her aunt's place that gave her the beginnings of warlock skills. She has gone looking for more, having liked the taste of power the early stuff has given her. She's not exactly cruel, more indifferent to many of her fellow humans.

Bill:
    Name - Urumilri
    Race: Draenei
    Class - Mage
    Server - The Scryers

    After recovering from a near-lethal bout of radiation sickness, found herself subject to peculiar aftereffects: periods of feebleness; visions of humans; and premonitions of evil, often accompanied by visions of demonic entities. Upon consultation with a shaman, she was told that her spiritual destiny lay with humans, and that she would be confronted with evil; and that she would need to embrace the evil and survive it, or else remain forever at greater risk of madness and corruption than is the case for mages in general.

Horde side story:

Me:
    Name - Klahraka
    Race - Orc
    Class - Rogue
    Server - Farstriders
    
    Growing up a little weaker than her brothers and sisters, she found that appropriating their things was simpler than fighting up front for them. She learned to fight enough to protect herself when her siblings would try and make her give things back, but she was never a great fighter. She kept requisitioning things as she got older and it brought her trouble from the tribal elders from time to time. It didn't stop them from using her when it suited them though. She recovered the cheif's weapon of office once from his challenger and was allowed to remain in the tribe. The challenger would have insisted on the banishment she was facing for some of her other indiscretions.

Bill:
    Name: Sloak
    Race: Blood Elf
    Class: Hunter
    Server: Farstriders

    A restless, adventurous, rather badly-behaved individual, with a predisposition for quarreling with authority figures and an inclination towards scandalous sexual peccadilloes. Enjoys it when people are flustered or offended by her characteristic nudity.

    Upshot is, a sort of irritable dissatisfaction with the loveliness of Eversong Wood and Silvermoon, and an urge to travel to someplace rougher and rowdier. (But not before she makes a quick pile of money...)

