Romany Pronunciation Guide






Romani Vowels

Letters called vowels are A, E, I, O, and U. In Romani they are pronounced differently from English, they are more like Spanish vowels. It is very important to know how to pronounce the vowels in Romany if you are going to read the words right.

Also, Romany words have heavy, almost Turkish Pronunciations.


******

A.....When you see an 'A', it always sound it nearly like the 'A' in "father", Read these Romany words out loud.

mas - "meat"

akana - "now"

pa - "about"

sa - "all"

baro - "big"

Never pronounce it like the 'A' in English "play" or "game".


******

E.....The letter 'E' in Romani IS like the A in "play" or "game", or like the 'E' in "red", Read these words.

me - "I"

besh - "sit"

mekhlem les - "I left it" (some say mulhlem)

yekh - "one"

Never pronounce it like the 'E' in English "me".


******

I......The letter 'I' in Romany IS like the E in "me" Read these words.

piri - "pot"

mita - "bribe"

dikh - "look"

Never pronounce it like the 'I' in English "hide". This would be spelled "ai" in Romany ("hide" would be "haid" in the Romany alphabet).


******

O......This is like 'O' in the English word "hope", say these words.

vo - "he"

vesolo - "happy"

gono - "sack"

so? -"what?"


******

U......This is like 'U' in "June" or "flute", say theses words.

tu - "you"

thulo - "fat"

muto - "dumb"

suno - "dream"


******

An I after A,E,O and U makes new sounds, AI is like "eye" as in khaini - "chicken", EI is like "ei" in "weight", as in phei - "sister", OI is like "oi" in "oil" as in gunio - "garbage" and UI is like "ooey" in "phooey" as in rrutui - "nostril"

If another vowel comes after AI, EI, OI, or UI, change the I to Y: 

pheya - "sisters" (don't write pheia)

Machvaya (don't write Machvaia)

If an I comes before an A, change it to a Y:

Write mobilya instead of mobilia

Write lumya instead of lumia and so on.

Also write the Y after N or L in words like lyulya or ponyava (don't write liulia or poniava) and so on.

(this is only part of the Romany vowels. Please check back for more [this may take a while as I am getting this from another site])


Gypsy Names, Words and Some Customs




Tshatshimo Romano!


The truth is expressed in Romany!


I created this page so people who wrote stories about the Romany people would have a secure base to work from. This is NOT a very complete nor purely accurate list... Some of the meanings are slightly skewed but the basic idea is still retained.

Before trying to read this page, PLEASE read the Pronunciation guide! Thanks! :)


Romany Names
This is a list of Romany names and acceptable names for Romany. Some will have pronounciation and some will have their meanings. Also, more will be added as I find them :)

BOYS
Nanosh; Stevo; Laetshi; Milosh; Putzina; Bakro; Kore; Yishwan; Balo; Mitsho; Hanzi; Yanoro; Bidshika; Boboko; Luluvo; Honko; Yojo; Vedel; Pulika; Merikano; Kalia; Pani; Shandor; Inga; Butsulo; Vosho; Tshurkurka; Palko; Zurka; Punka; Yoska; Tsinoro; Yiswan; Tina; Troka; Tshilaba; Yayal; Fonso; Yokka; Pitivo; Dodo; Ferka; Pitti; Grantsha; Gunari; Djordji; Pani; Petsha; Tshurkina; Grofo; Koloro; Tshompi; Gunada; Popoy; Yanko; Gunari; Loiza; Marko; Nonoka; Mertshak; Notarka; Duntshi; Mutshoro; Kalderasha; Pali; Tshurka; Gimi (pro. Gimme); Besnik; Veshengo(man of forest); Nicu; Mario; Walther; Nuzi; Krenar; Artani; Bexhet(pro. beh-jet); Djivan; Arben; Beno; Dilaver; Kako; Shkelgim; Marcelle; Aziz; Gyorgy; Kolev; Plamen; Rumen; Boiko; Branko; Rambo; Pardalien; Mircea; Emilian; Simionce; Corin; Oaste; Nicolae; Panch; Talpa; Boldor; Guaril; Coica; Ninga; Harman; Bera; Badu; Comon; Luca; Latco; Dinga; Manciu; Stefan; Mihai; Ion; Vesh; Rajko; Luciano; Aladar; Andrzej; Saip(the 'a' should have a down arrow over it. pro. Shipe)

GIRLS
Lyuba; Lala; Mala; Keja; Rupa; Boti; Pesha; Tshaya; Mimi; Vadoma; Sidi; Putsha; Ludu; Djidjo; Shofranka; Liza; Luludja; Jofranka; Fifika; Bisno; Papin; Tshilaba; Simza; Pita; Carolina; Tsuritsa; Dika; Paprika; Lyubitshka; Terom; Mozol(black currant); Valentina; Marona; Tsura; Papusza(doll); Jeta(pro. Yetta); Dritta; Liliana; Viollca; Mirella; Yolanda; Gemile; Tatoya; Emilia; Elena; Antoinette; Donka; Nadja; Stanka; Drina; Lina; Ina; Luminitsa; Florica(the 'a' should have a little down arrow over it) 



Romany customs

Only have a few for the moment but I have a several more to put on here :)

Red is NEVER worn by an honest gypsy woman, except on her Wedding day to symbolize she is still a virgin.

Never greet another Romany before washing in the morning.

Romany have set buckets or places in a stream for water. Using another will make you (or it) Marhime, or unclean. Furthest upstream will be for drinking and cooking. Then will be the one for washing clothes, then for the horses, then the last one for pregnant or Menstruating women. (cause they are considered Marhime)

Women are Marhime From the waist down except to their husband or intended husband. This is in part to prevent rapes, in part to prevent adultery. A woman can scare away evil spirits by waving one of her skirts in the air. She can also touch a male she is extremely displease by with them. This way they are Marhime and NO male can talk to them until they have been cleansed by the Krisatora(a gathering of 'judges' from different gypsy tribes)(BTW the Kris is not called specifically for this purpose it is called to settle disagreements between the gypsies)

Women cannot pass in front of a man, nor between two men. She must go behind them or say Bolde tut, kako(please turn away; or Please you turn)


Romany Words and Sayings
People
(just for reference, 'o' is masculine, 'i' is feminine)

Rom- Man 

RomaleorRomano-Men 

Romni- Woman or Wife 

Romipen-Gypsyhood 

Shav-unmarried Gypsy youth 

Shavora- Pl. of Shav 

Romoro-Little Man (after a youth is married) 

Chey-Girl 

Daj-Mother 

Nano-Uncle 

Jamutrea-Son-in-Law 

Bori-Daughter-in-Law 

O Rom O Nevo-New Man (baby boy) 

Kumpania-Traveling group(often several related families)(also called Puyos which means Puppies, or Cubs) 

Rom Neve-New gypsies (in reference to a new group not from the area) 

Bulibasha- A Traditional Local Leader (they should not be called Kings...) 

Kapo-Chief of a gypsy tribe (before WWII) 

Rom Baro-Big Man (chief of tribe After WWII) 

Ray Baro-Great Lords (referring to gaje judges) 

Gaje-Peasants(used for any non-gypsy) 

Gajo-male singular of gaje 

Gaji-Feminine singular of gaje 

Raklo-Non Gypsy boy 

Binak-Twin 

Dili-Mentally Retarded 

Dile-Pl. of dili 

Spiuni- Spy 


Everyday Life
Marhime-Unclean 

Vujo-Pure 

Baxt-Luck 

Baxtalo-Lucky 

Por-Strength 

Baro-Great or Big 

Me-I 

Tut-You 

Pralipe-Brotherhood 

Chovexani-Witch 

Dev; Devel; Devlesa- God 

Beng- Evil, the Devil >p>Bengalo- Devilish 

Kaj-Where 

So-What 

Kana-When 

Kon-Who 

Soske-Why 

Besh-Sit 

Bi-Without 

May-Before 

Panch-Five 

Mahala-Quarter 

Shangle-Policemen 

Shanglo-Singular of shangle 

Manusha-People 

Vurdon-Wagon (the type they live in) 

Taliga-Two-wheeled light cart 

Vurma-Trail left by other Romany. (also Patrin) 

Tzerha-Tent 

Zen-Saddle 

Mortsi-Leather 

Diklo- Trad. Kerchief worn around the neck 

Sumadji-Family Heirloom 

Sastro-Fit 

Armaya-Curse 

Piav-Smoking and Drinking (same word is used for both) 

Chorro-Poor and Bad 

Bi-lacio- No Good 

Bal-Hair 

Yak-Eye 

Kan-Ear 

Nak-Nose 

Muj-Mouth 

Cheeb-Tongue 

Berk-Breast 

Dand-Tooth 

Lon-Thick salt used on teeth(like toothpaste) 

Sir-Garlic 

Domato-Tomato 

Mas-Meat 

But Guil-Very Sweet 

Bushalo-Sour 

Bokoli-thick pancake with chunks of meat inside 

Rakia-Plum Brandy 

Dudum-Gourd 

Lowe-Money 

Phuri-Old 

Nev-New 

Balual-Wind 

Kham-Sun 

Pani-Water 

Pani Nevi-Fresh Water 

Me Piav Pani-I Drink Water 

Tski-Can Not 

Tshi-Do Not 

Dev-God (also Devel or Devlesa) 

Beng-Evil or the Devil 

Bater-May it be so; If I refuse; also equal to Amen 

Detlene-Wandering Souls of Stillborn or aborted children 

Rikono-Dog 

Saps-Snakes 

Grast-Horse 

Petalo-Horseshoe 

Bor-Oven 

Mom-Wax 

Kis-Purse 

Posoti-Bag hidden under skirts (designed for stealing) 

Trandofir-Rose 

Dunha-Eiderdown 

Sheranda-Goosedown pillows 

Trampa-Barter 

Bi-lacio- No Good 

Tshorav-To steal 

Te Phirav Pa-o Gav- To go about the village (beg) 

Paguba-Raiding party 

Montshimo-Credited Servitude 

Nash- Go or 'Git 

Hamishagos- To Meddle or Disturb 

Pamint- Piece of Land 

Pamintean-Native (lit. owner of a piece of land) 

Anda l Thema- The lands beyond 

Trushalo odji- A Thirsty soul 


For Special Occasions
Swato-A Rambling chronicle story (legends etc.) 

Swatura-pl. of swato 

Darane Swatura-Magical and Supersticion stories 

Paramitsha-Fairy tale 

Patshivaki Djilia-Friendship songs 

Brigaki Djilia-Sorrow songs 

Mulengi Djilia-dirges 

GlassoorMode-Fun and Dance songs 

Patshiv-Celebrations held when two groups join up. They are done to remind of, and ensure long lasting friendships. 

Patshiva-pl. of Patshiv 

Patshiva Djili-Patshiv song; or friendship song 

Slava-St. George's Day. (one of the only official celebrations among the Romany) 

Pomona-Feast for the dead 

Mule- Ancestor Spirits 



Romany Sayings
Heh, not much here yet... Working on it As fast as I can. I have a month of Spring vacation so expect more stuff up real soon!




Yekka buliasa nashti beshes pe done grastende-With one behing you cannot sit on two horses. 

Mashkar le gajende leski shib si le Romenski zor- Surrounded by the gaje, the Rom's tongue is his only defense 

May mishto ley o thud katar i gurmni kai tordjol-It is easier to milk a cow that stands still. 

Te na khutshos perdal tsho ushalin- Try not to jump over your own shadow 

Lowe k-o vast, bori k-o grast-Money in hand, Bride on horse 

Sar laci and'ekh vadra-Like crabs in a bucket 

Prohasar man opre pirend - sa muro djiben semas opre chengende- Bury me standing. I've been on my knees all my life. 

Me mangav te jav ando granit za tumensa- I want to go to the border with you 

A-ko isi pomo shinava tumen- Maybe I can help you. 

Te aves yertime mander tai te yertil tut o Del- I forgive you, and may God forgive you as I do. 

Rode tshia bora le kanensa tai te na le yakensa- With the ears, and not with the eyes.(often said when looking for a wife) 

Shuk tski khalpe le royasa- Beauty cannot be eaten with a spoon 

Das dab ka i roata le neve vurdoneski-To give a push to the wheel of the new wagon (when giving money to the new couple) 

Mandat tsera tai kater o Del mai but te avenge tumenga-From me a little money, but may God give you plenty 

Kon del tut o nai shai dela tut wi o vast-He who willingly gives you a finger will also give you the whole hand 

Stanki nashti tshi arakenpe manusheb shai-Mountains do not meet but people do 

Romale tai shavale akarel tume o ____- By your leave, Gypsy men and youths, this is ____ calling you 

Ashlen Devlese, Romale- May you remain with God 

O low tai o beng nashti beshen patshasa- Neither money nor the devil can remain in peace 

Na daran Romale wi ame sam Rom Tshatsh- Do not fear, you Gypsy men, for we are Gypsies too 

Devlesa avilan- It is God who brought you 

Devlesa araklam tume- It is with God that we found you 

Ka jav te xenav tut!- I am going to sh*t on you! 

Te den, xa, te maren, de-nash!- When you are give, eat, when you are beaten, run away! 

Saka peskero charo dikhel- Everybody sees only his own dish 

Isi ili daba-Here there are also whacks (or smacks.. not quite sure) 

Jek dilo kerel but dile hai but dile keren dilimata-One madman makes many madmen and many madmen makes madness 

So keres?- What are you doing? 

Chindilan?- Are you fed up, weary? 

I phuv kheldias- The earth danced (earthquake) 

O manusha khelaven tut- The people make you dance 

Te bisterdon tumare anava!- May your names be forgotten! 

Ma-sh-llah!- As God wills! 

Ove yilo isi?- Is it Okay? (lit. is there heart out there?) 

Te xav to biav- May I eat at your wedding 

May kali i muri may gugli avela- The darker the berry the sweeter it is 

Bi kashtesko merel i yag- Without wood the fire would die 

Feri ando payi sitsholpe te nayuas-It was in the water that one learned to swim 

Si khohaimo may patshivalo sar o tshatshimo- There are lies more beleivable then the truth 

Patshiv tumenge Romale- This song was offered as a gift to worthy men 

Te khalin tai te shinggerdjon tshe gada, hai tu te trai sastimasa tai voyasa- May your clothes rip and wear out,but may you live on in good health and fulfillment 

Droboy tume Romale- Trad. morning greeting 

Nais Tuke- Thank you 

Bolde tut, kako- Please turn away 

Ando gav bi juklesko jal o pavori bi desteko In the village without dogs the farmers walk without sticks 

Te merav ____- May I die if ____ 

Te merel muro dad, muri dei ____- May my father, mother or brothers die if ____ 

Te merel amaro kuro o lasho ____- May our favorite stallion die if ____ 

Te shordjol muro rat- May my blood spill 

Te pabaren mage memelia- May you burn candles for me 

Te prakhon man pasha o ____ May I be buried next to ____ if 

May sigo sar te may khav- Before I even have my next meal 

May angle sar te merel kadi yag- Before this fire burns out 

Te potshinen penge lajav- Pay for their shame 

Me piav pani- I drink water 

Te phirav pa-o gav- To go about the village (beg)
 

Back to the Court? 

Back to the Castle? 

To the Library? 

To the Gallery? 
